I'm not supposed to smoke in my building
so they don't let you smoke weed yeah
what kind of because it's legal oh yeah
that makes sense okay we can't do things
that are legal any smoke cigarettes in
your building right no no no no no oh
you have a smoke-free building yeah
health conscious mm-hmm well I get that
kind of if have you say no cigarettes
you kind of have to say no weed - but
cigarette smoke stays yeah like that
gets in the walls and in the fabrics and
all that snug like the weed just kind of
for us right but I think other people
that don't smoke weed they smell it yeah
those people need to get out of
California I mean you see you smell it
everywhere you go now I'm so numb to it
everywhere it makes me laugh when it
when I can see a tourist they're just
like oh my sis Lonnie yeah it's so funny
my wife kind of gets that way and she
smokes weed it's funny but like when
were the kids if we go somewhere so Oh
lovely
like she'll smell it like women are so
funny like when they have kids they'll
suddenly get like real protective of a
new one that's where conserve mamabear
people yep yep yep you wanna protect
that den oh great yeah lovely out in
public I was doing an hour ago yeah it
was me laughs like what it's in the
morning and you like in um and someone's
just woken up blood outside a brunch
well yoga there's just one dude that I
go to yoga with this old fella and he
has a van and he parks his van right
next to the yoga place and he gets
fucking blasted box
blasted it's like a Cheech and Chong
movie he opens up that band and climbs
in the yoga class you could see him just
whacked out in class - hotbox yoga you
could see him in class just like he's in
the middle of doing his guy had the
steam room at the gym doing that he was
just like someone you know he could be
on anything
it's demon with the gym as a dangerous
area like people are having it and they
get weird yeah steam makes you do crazy
things I just closed my eyes and just
meditate mmm and it's trying to -
attention to the sounds going on also
like everybody it just like you're just
sitting there right so people get
anxious to get antsy
just sitting there and then you get like
those really aggressive breathers who
are just like oh you're like a climax
what was that that's annoying oh by the
way hold on before I get so five years
ago
speaking of climax five years ago I came
and did your podcast what was that long
as five years ago yeah it was crazy it
was up-and-coming god damn I was a long
time out of it out of a toolshed
yeah we were we're not far from here we
are so what do you got that was last
Valentine's Day so I feel ID I got you
some uh sometimes day cuz I feel like we
have a running theme here so was it
Valentine's Day last time yeah no shit
it was so this is the week of
Valentine's oh I get it you too Joe from
Justin yeah so sweet you know me anymore
these are like handy weird candies right
because they only sell them because
they're in the heart shape yeah right if
they were stars people fuck kind of
bullshit candy is that
yeah and it's probably filled with
cyanide and horrible things for your
body
I don't think so enjoy I don't think so
cuz they want to sell more yeah
just a good old fashioned see that
fucking video which one of China where
they're spraying disinfectant in the
streets no they tried to kill the corona
virus Jamie it's on my is that bullshit
but they do that some of them are real
but some of them I think are not
accurate videos I don't know I've seen
it a couple different spots a tattoo
I've seen very various ones some we
don't know any better
watch the video because it's fucking
bonkers man they're they're driving
through the streets spraying everything
at street light the thing I saw going
around before which is you didn't they
were pairing with drones they're using
drone sex see they do that you a South
with mosquitos yes so it's kind of like
that fucking terrible for YouTube out
what works if you breed that shit in if
it kills mosquitoes it'll kill you tear
solutely that fucking stuff is off all
of our relatives like go play outside
we're like is this safe and they're like
yeah just off to you you know let me
let's watch this real quick Oh fine it's
on my Twitter also along with my man
Eddie Izzard is running 28 marathons in
28 days in 28 countries could all
through the month of February
all in drag I have socks on my floor
look at this look how crazy this is yeah
this is nothing fucking people there
sprang shit out of cars there was street
spraying buildings it's all disinfectant
apparently this coronavirus they say can
live outside of a host for three days so
if you have like corona virus on your
hand you touch a railing that shit will
exist outside of your body for three
days which is very unusual that's like
some parasite shit well it's this is
what these doctors have been saying
forever the one that died that's one
yeah but the doctors that studied at the
CDC Duncan and I went to the CDC down
and Galveston I think it is and we were
talking with these infectious disease
experts and we were all conspiracy
theory like we're like you know like we
were worried about like manmade viruses
and this he goes listen you'd have to
worry about manmade viruses he goes
these motherfuckers are making them they
didn't they're mutated he didn't used to
turn motherfucker well right well he
wanted to are you saying they they make
themselves and they happen all the time
and we barely can keep up with them and
it just takes one big giant one like the
Spanish flu this crazy thing in Spanish
flu is 1920 yes is 2020 so okay
everything every hundred years yeah I
don't want to say before that was what
like yellow fever or some things
probably some shit in the 1820s yeah
like down in the South like the
Carolinas and find out what was the
pandemic in the eat oh here's the drones
Jesus army of drones deployed across
China dispense disinfectant see here's
why I call that bullshit on that how
much fucking disinfectant can they carry
that little bullshit ass bro then I get
a kill you know I mean there's so little
that I ain't gonna kill I can go refill
I love army of drones there's like three
calm down the thing them driving to the
streets freaked me out more than
anything
yeah that's intense it is intense it's
just like a follow the other thing to
that which was scary I think it was real
there was a drone that followed a woman
out of her house she didn't have a mask
on and it was like you ma'am you're not
you don't have a mask please go home go
home you don't have and it followed her
home in China yeah like that I can't
translate so I don't know if what I was
saying was there someone just made a
video
to be scary but the shit really is like
a movie it is it's it's totally a movie
because everyone's got to be locked down
in their houses and say kids are
starving to death because they're locked
in their houses and their parents are in
the hospital they just had like another
I think I got a notification last night
that said there was like a guy in San
Diego that's being treated and I'm like
God yeah it's it's just a matter of time
just let me do the Rogan podcast before
I get coronavirus you're here and Jew
late the say he's supposed to wash your
hands a lot but that was before they
realized that it's transmitted through
the air I don't think that happens
what's going on this is the lady this
drone is speaking to you kichul Matt she
has no idea what's going on she's so hot
didn't walk without wearing a mask you
yes you better be home don't forget to
wash your hands she's got blue hair iced
yeah I'm fucking around to make a scary
video maybe but I also could be real now
a drone is what it could be real what a
mask hmm the show were melt itself in a
few months what a few months is that a
haiku what is this stay at home with
food and drinks why do you always come
outside you can sort this out this is my
pee bullshit but it might be real I know
I'm not feeling good about it it scares
me man it's like these things absolutely
can wipe out millions and millions of
people before they can get a handle on
it I had it I was on a plane a couple
weeks ago flying from New Orleans back
here and I had this Viking woman behind
me just open mouth coughing and I had I
was like first of all no yeah second of
all I had to turn around and say hey can
you please cover your mouth and I had to
do that to an adult woman and it made me
feel weird some people were just fucking
self just yeah on that plane some people
just don't care they're just selfish
yeah yeah they don't even care that
other people feel uncomfortable they
just like I have the call yeah and
you're gonna all experience it yeah some
people if they're sick they want you to
be sick they don't they're not happy
malicious fuck and malignant assholes
mm-hmm I'm worried don't be you know
what I've been worried about a lot about
lately is glyphosate I've been
- wife's a same what is that you can't
just glyphosate me what is Roundup it's
a it's a chemical that they use for
pesticide for agriculture and I was
reading this whole thing about
glyphosate and how toxic it is and how
many people have gotten cancer from
glyphosate and how often they use
glyphosate on vegetables yeah I'm like
motherfucker that's why I have to wash
your vegetables yeah it does it's all in
there anyways here it is many 85,000
glyphosate cancer lawsuits significantly
closer to settlement after federal trial
suspended yeah there's a lot of
motherfuckers that got cancer from this
shit that's the round if that's the yeah
the weed exactly thing right hmm yeah
kills your weeds I think it kills
pesticides it's its weed and what does
it say there scroll down scroll back up
there know the actual image of god
damnit these pop-ups how's it say it
says weed and grass killer okay so it is
it's not a pesticide it's just it's just
for weeds yeah but when I mean I bet it
kills pests - how it kills everything
but they're they apparently a lot of
people that are gardeners and that are
working on golf courses golf courses
apparently get it a lot because you know
they spray that shit everywhere because
I want everything to just be grass but
does it leave like a brown spot or no I
know it's fuck it kills the weeds and
doesn't kill the grass yeah that is we
want to that the other stories that are
going around with EPA reaffirms that
glyphosate does not cause cancer don't
worry folks
just drink it there was a guy there was
a guy at a press conference he was
saying I could drink this glass of
glyphosate and they wouldn't do me any
harm and some guy goes drink it and he
didn't he didn't drink course always he
didn't drink it yeah he's talk talk the
talk yeah talk talk is cheap fucking
that glyphosate stuff it's like look
your Swedes are supposed to be there man
they're supposed to grow along with
everything else that's how it's supposed
to work you can't decide well and what
shit are you guys are supposed to pluck
those we gonna say just pull them out
yeah you fucking lazy thank God but if
you have a garden among your weeds but
if you have a check
antek mono crop agriculture farm 6000
acres of corn or alfalfa or some shit
can't really dreyfus a walk you know
spray that bitch I don't know man I just
whenever something happens like this
coronavirus thing I get worried about
all kinds of stuff I start worrying
about all kinds of weird fucking toxins
camels you know that make sense yeah
well that's when I always I think about
that all the time let you I do
well like I grew up I grew up in the
south so it's like I remember like crop
dusters like flying over and I remember
kill mosquitoes right yeah well the
mosquitoes and then actual like planes
that would come over and just dump
everything and then I look up and then I
start thinking about chemtrails and then
this is just a Tuesday you know but I
think about like that that shit like you
know when it rains and then that stuff
gets into the water supply and then
you're just like oh I got a Brita filter
but is it really you know this is a
another yoga guy that I know that
teaches yoga and he didn't know that
you're not supposed to swim in the ocean
right after the rain what in Los Angeles
apparently it's super dangerous to live
in that ocean yeah because all the
runoff because the way la system is you
know the LA River and all that jazz
which is sort of a fake River it's not
even a river but it's perfect for LA
calling the LA River the LA River is
perfect when you look at it like oh yeah
it's fake it's perfect literally just a
concrete stream yeah yeah well it's like
a fucking gross drainage that's just
enormous well when that bitch goes down
into the ocean it carries with it all
the garbage all the chemicals oil from
the streets my stuff needles yeah and
it's all in the water and so when you go
surfing right after that you get really
fucking sick and he was telling me he
got deathly ill because he just didn't
know any better he was just out there
and he's from Argentina mm-hmm I guess
where it's not as much of an issue there
and he was in that water he got fucked
up he said he was a wreck for like two
weeks yeah that'll knock you out I mean
if you're oh that's just gross just
sewage Stu yeah right just floating
around at it it's just weird that they
decided to make the LA River
like dialect I've never seen anything
like that look at the LA River fool
that's after a bit was this year January
19 okay
look at that motherfucker hmm oh just
all condoms and poop I'm listening and
fucking gonorrhea that's what they did
with the reservoir don't they drank they
had to drain it because it was filled
with shit filled with shit and bodies
and cars and stuff it's like whoa well
they say so many people are on
antidepressants and SSRIs and all that
jazz that the water supply has a certain
amount of it in it because people flush
and they fly well apparently some of the
water that we use is actually recycled
they take your piss water and they turn
it around did you know that nope but now
I do yeah it's everywhere drinking so
you basically drinking recycled piss
water yeah hmm oh man
essentia have you seen that giant tube
it's basically an aqueduct but it's like
a big pipe it's like hundreds of miles
long that's how we get our water here
yeah I've actually someone like wants to
get someone walked it I think
researchers a video I saw but I've seen
it in person so see it's it goes through
these I think it goes through to own
ranch
it's an enormous pipe yeah so what have
we learned this Valentine's Day trash no
it's Friday oh this I think yeah people
are just not supposed to live that
stacked on top of each other we're
supposed to live in small villages in
the woods with just enough food I'm down
for that
I want a tiny home do you want them
little mobile yeah little tiny home in
the woods with a fire pit out front
could you survive in the woods probably
not have a lesbian friend yeah her
name's Denise lesbian friends are good
yeah ones with those Patagonia vests oh
yeah every carabiner she she's on
survival mode 24/7 she's captain we have
earthquake drills every day yeah really
not really she stated building she's in
the building yeah okay
yeah she's my alpha does she keep food
oh yeah really can preserve oh yeah
storage you know you're going deep when
you have that fucking preacher food you
know that stuff like that Jim Jim Baker
was selling Oh God
what did you ever see that it makes
sense but it was just was it just like
it's almost like spam but can live for
its like buckets rule bucket rule but he
in Jim Baker's show used it as like the
base of us of it like a table like he's
like you could use it underneath your
table this is how you keep your kitchen
table and he's got like these stacks of
this stuff and then they were sitting on
it like that you could use it as a stool
like so like your house is filled with
like survivor food yeah so in case the
shit goes down it's everywhere in your
house you just have to open up one of
these buckets you don't see that video
Jamie bucket roll there's that smash cut
video right who made the smash tiger
that's right that's right
yeah it's a victor ger smash cuts
fucking hilarious because that burger
makes a bunch of very funny Internet
videos as it is but as you're watching
Jim Baker and this is the same Jim Baker
from the old days when Jessica Hahn just
he had they had a fair at the fair
see these are this is all this stuff is
the shit he's selling this is stacked
look he's gotta roll up the stairs and
shit Shumway get a shovel
these are foldable shovels you know go
in your backpack Jim pick you and where
the fucking backpack yeah yeah these
guys are like really so he was banging
Jessica Hahn and Sam Kinison wound up
bangin Jessica Hahn and then handfuls
that's what is that is coming out of his
mouth bucket
oh Jesus Christ Jim literally he looks
weird yeah he doesn't look like the same
guy that's Tammy phase yeah yeah yeah
yeah she's dead now yeah well isn't he -
she died from diet coke well I think she
had some of that new bulk sampler she
died from dico I think he said she drank
like a hundred kids a diet coke a day
and she got brain cancer southern people
love that yeah
that's what it looks like much good that
will keep you alive just Martindale oh
people look at that imagine eating that
with and you and your fucking mixing all
that together like what's in there
diarrhea that's definitely what's in
there diarrhea and nacho cheese that's
like that's like queso from Texas you
know how dare you like real real real
cheesy case own hmm no flute like Miss
Texas queso
yeah I was just there that's good I was
just in Houston were so yeah yeah well
you went yeah I was there uh two weeks
ago I was there two days ago okay yeah
is there Saturday night or the UFC
Friday in town oh right yeah
but that um that kick well that was a
good kick which one the the I don't know
their names the girl did that round off
kick to the other one oh that was a
couple months ago oh it was yeah that's
Valentina Shevchenko I'm trying yeah she
fought this weekend we get to hold a fag
in all the comments no it's okay it's
the reason I'm here
what is that cheese stuff though that
cheese that you know that cheese that's
it's like watery it's not really cheese
where they call it cheese no no no no no
no it's like you could squirt it
scorches yeah but it's Cheez Whiz is it
cheese with the one in the tube yeah
yeah it depends on which company black
I'm not saying I don't think I'm
thinking about that though there's a
type of like liquidy cheese that people
would put on nachos and stuff like that
do you know I'm talking about
I don't it's not so cheese I don't
fuckin equity cheese but that's what
that Jim Baker gruel looks like that he
was serving up people but that's a big
thing with preachers right they always
want to prepare you for the apocalypse
with food yeah cuz they're caught yeah
well it's like I don't want to be a
prepper but I think you probably should
have some food at your house ready for a
couple of weeks I know she'd be ready
for a couple of weeks and they have
these things where you fill your bathtub
up it's like a bladder that you put in
your bathtub and then you fill your
bathtub up with water so you always have
water because if the shit goes down if
it really lasts a very couple of weeks
you're gonna need
some water I think sense yeah it's
really gonna make sense I just have bags
of box wine in my fridge that's a little
help I'm ready to go listen people used
to live off wine yeah yeah they used to
call it travel it would prevent
travellers disease because they will
everything because if you get water from
a lake right like that waters got all
kinds of garbage in it right like if you
hit water from a lake you're drinking a
bunch of different bacteria and
parasites and different I mean even if
it's a Clear Lake you're really not
supposed to drink the water
unless you're above a certain altitude
like I was in Alaska and I was with
these guys and we were hunting and they
told us we could drink this water
because above you know 8,000 feet or
whatever beavers don't live that's it
you have to worry about you have to
worry about beaver slavery they call it
beaver fever
it's Giardia it's a different beaver
fever than guys get at clubs look it's a
different beaver fever or Denise yeah or
did you get that beaver fever oh it's
just a polish upper Patagonia jacket put
on the best patchouli little musk you
know why is it that lesbians have never
been able to form a proper neighborhood
but gay guys can do it in almost every
town hmm I feel like gay guys push the
lesbians out
you think the lesbians are smarter
because they'll form their own tribe
yeah but they never develop like like
boys town is legendary right it's like
it's it is it's a gay five blocks of gay
right I call it home
that's your spot yeah but if you think
about it there's no lesbian equivalent
anywhere on earth that I know of is
there like a legitimate lesbian
community where it's only lesbians and
they get together and do lesbian things
and wear cowboy hats yes things yeah
they have their own I mean that's the
thing I feel like guys are more they
want to be in charge more we're lesbians
can kind of just form their own little
side neighborhoods they don't need the
credit you know what I mean but do they
know I feel like people would know
there's a no like a legit lesbian
neighborhood like girls town people
would know
but would you want to go to girls town
oh yeah yeah guys I think that's the
problem that's the thing I think guys at
a girls town guys go there and they ruin
it yeah like omens although I named yet
next door and that's fucking hope you
would trash oh you wanna fuck away from
me exactly you sure you're good come on
yeah they get that a lot there's a lot
like there's a lot of like little
organizations like I have a lesbian
friends that do a thing called babes on
bikes where they like motorcycles yeah
and then they go travel and that's cool
yeah and they go hiking and camping and
all that stuff would it be fair to
compare lesbians to cats and gay folks
to dogs gay men - dogs are dogs like no
I'm gonna reverse it but gay but dogs
like to be in packs
I know but dogs are loyal no they're not
not sexist well but I don't know how
many dogs your fucking hump your leg
then I'll hump Jamie that's true yeah
we'll just cancel just like they'll just
get out of here that's true Terry
temperamental very sociopathic but they
don't like to live in like a big pack
mmm like the lesbians this makes sense
it does make sense I think I'm on to
something
yeah I'm gonna lose sleep right people
always say men are dogs but dogs are
dogs are loyal they're loyal but men are
loyal they're just not that loyal
sexually right but they're loyal to each
other good friends but my best friends
are all men I mean I am girl right
female friends but if I need some shit
if I need like if I'm calling Bryan
Callen I'm calling a male friend yeah
you know there's a difference I think I
feel like gay guys are probably dogs and
lesbians are wolves whoa yeah that's
dangerous yeah then wolves are circling
do ya you've got your alphas and your
betas and they all just know their place
wolves eat dogs you know yeah do you
think lesbians eat guys totally every
day in fact five are being eaten right
now as we speak
viciously have you ever heard of a
lesbian and a gay guy getting together
in deciding they're both straight yeah
they're in the south it's called
conversion therapy does that work no
No who's it anymore Timon you like I
feel like that was in a documentary
somewhere was like pray to get away well
you have like a yeah pray the gateway
it's like I met my beautiful wife oh
right and they're all she's she was
lesbian and I was a gay man and like
cuts to him tapping his shield under a
bathroom stall yeah that's a chit it is
weird
it's just brainwashing well it's just
weird because those guys that do it I
read an article about this man who went
sort of undercover to one of these prey
the gay away camps he was talking about
this counselor who was literally sitting
behind him like holding him during this
ceremony with a boner
the guy had pressed up against his but
he could feel the guy's boner he's like
what in the fucking Sam Hill yeah Sam
hell I always want to say that what the
Sam it'll shot Elliot
it's the new porn parody of tombstone
tomb bone that's got sad shit though man
yeah just still the thing well would be
just for men that aren't gay to
understand what it was like imagine if
there was like gay conversion therapy
where people were saying like you the
God wants you to be gay you've got to
stop hooking up on all these ladies and
we're gonna get together and we're just
gonna pray that gay into you we're gonna
put on some Moulin Rouge soundtrack
we're gonna all dress up like Cher dim
the lights lock the doors and we're
gonna get this party started
yeah yeah that's fucking it's a ruthless
thing man it's a weird thing that for
whatever reason society has it's taken
so long particularly this country for
people to accept it that this is still
up for debate
with some people whether or not gay
people should be allowed to be married
oh yeah for sure
did you see the woman of the the God it
went viral it was a lady who was a pro
Pete Buddha judge two for president yes
and then she was like what he's gay
oh well no it's like you see me find
that I find that it can we play it or
will we get in trouble protocol why
would you get in trouble we get pulled
off a YouTube there's copyrights on
those so that they own the
and so they want other people to go to
their page to have the clip so we put it
on our page think we need to pray the
copy right away that's yeah some yeah
she was like what yeah what he's gay
give me that fucking coat back out of
here I had a woman god where was this I
was I was doing a gig somewhere out out
of town and afterwards we had the
meet-and-greet and she came up to and
she's like I really thought you were
really funny and I was like thinking
she's like I didn't care if you were gay
I'm like okay I didn't even care still
our job is done I still laugh I still
laugh and that's always how in bed it's
disgusting
yeah and you made me laugh through that
so I don't talk relation yeah like
doesn't define who I am
right it shouldn't no it's I mean I you
know I just can't believe that it's
still such an issue mm-hmm unless you're
trying to fuck you what do you care
like why do you care yeah the the most
interesting thing about Pete Buddha
judge is that but it's not that he's gay
that's the least interesting thing about
him yeah he's a very like basic yes it's
very like but it's like that's what the
reason why he's the guy is because he
checks a lot of these progressive boxes
mhm
and he's also got a shitload of people
donating to him here it is he's married
to him what I mean first are you saying
he has the same sex partner look at her
look she looks like a woodchuck she
should be concerned about her diabetes
are you kidding me
I don't want anybody like that in the
White House yeah but also like this is
what's this is what breaks my heart is
this woman's clearly doing her job and
then she has her son with her and she's
like no but I'm raising my son to be
open-minded because I'm a Christian as
well and love is love and that's what we
need more of is when people cherry pick
the Bible like a Jim Baker who's like
you know or even our amazing Christian
commander in chief we're saying in the
Bible of my woman then it's yeah it's
just sad it's just like I in the Bible
that says this and it's like well in the
Bible that says you can always counter
go against what the Bible says from a
different verse it's like it doesn't say
to eat shrimp or pork or anything like
that but you know I'll see half these
people at a Chili's buffet you know just
go into town yeah eating a lot of
shellfish you imagine if you got all the
way up to heaven no God was like look I
don't care about guys fucking guys all
that clams you guys are assholes
it says in the fucking Bible don't eat
clams why why'd you eat clams did you
read what I said it was Mardi Gras I
couldn't help myself why are you wearing
two different kinds of cloth you don't
wear two different kinds of cloth I know
that's in the fucking bag that's the
gayest thing to like if God if I did my
whole job on earth and I got to have it
and God was like girl two kinds of cloth
I'm like wait what back to hell you go
well also the Bible says clearly seen
the hand of man I'm sure there was
probably some things that people had
figured out whether it's from
psychedelic experiences or what have you
that they had there's some core tenants
we should treat each other as if you
know these are our brothers and sisters
do unto others as you would have them do
unto you don't steal don't murder all
that stuff we can keep together and live
in peace yeah and then people got ahold
of it they exactly they're greasy little
mitts on it I think the shellfish and
the cloven hoof shit like with pork like
that that is in this in the Torah or the
what a great word cloven hoof yeah will
you not some and
with the cloven hoof that eats its cud
yeah I like pork you're not supposed to
eat pork but that's probably because
they had trichinosis but this woman sews
she's a witch what the fuck happened
with Noah how did Noah like what was he
doing up there
he was doing the work no I mean Fisher
yeah they were all doing drugs doing
drugs yeah they were all doing drugs I
guarantee you yeah I think that's
probably the root of most of these
religious experiences those guys found
mushrooms they were tripping balls they
came back with some really loosely put
together commandment that they got from
God like Moses when he came down from
the mountain in Jerusalem The Jerusalem
scholars now believe that the burning
bush that talked to God or talked to
Moses yeah was the acacia tree which is
a tree that's rich in DMT so they
believe this thing of a burning bush was
actually them smoking this plant and
having these psychedelic experience and
talking to them talking to God
word makes sense that's cool what does
Jobe in the whale that's always confused
to me everyone right yeah 40 or was it
40 days in the belly of a whale
maybe job's full shit how about that I
would think so maybe job was like you
know like a beloved guy and everybody's
like I don't want to believe he's lying
to me Jonah was Oh Jonah Jonah who's Joe
Joe Joe like work get something to do
with working oh he's a worker say Joe
grew up on the south didn't pay
attention about the class I'm sorry and
look how I turned out well I lived large
family so he had a large family oh great
great story and then the woman and then
Lot's wife when she turned around and
turned into salt sure she fucked up yeah
that was her fault
well how about I mean listen how about
Adam and Eve mm-hmm how where does that
one and lilith that dirty bitch wanted
to eat that Apple she did and you know
she didn't want to listen which they
said the Apple was a pomegranate mmm
Apple could have been a pomegranate yeah
because it's the it's the fruit of life
because it has so many antioxidants in
it there's another theory that the Apple
is actually the term Apple is actually
based on the color red and that it
actually represented the Amanita
muscaria mushroom which was the mushroom
that they believe Christianity was based
on the first place there's a book called
the sacred mushroom in the cross by a
guy named John Marco Allegro who was an
ordained minister yeah see that that is
an original fresco from some France see
there's 13th century fresco depicting a
Domini in a tree of knowledge
so that's mushrooms and that mushroom is
a mushroom called the Amanita muscaria
the Amanita muscaria is a really cool
looking mushroom that you can find I
found one in Colorado recently what
Colorado yeah you can final growing well
are they that are they big like that
yeah they're truly well those obviously
you're exaggerating those are really
tall no it's the Bible nothing's
exaggerated stop that's really cool I
never thought about that the sacred
mushroom in the cross go to the cover of
the sacred mushroom in the cross you
could see the the image of this mushroom
and you realize like oh that thing looks
a lot like Santa Claus that's red and
white yeah and there's a lot of weird
parallels with Santa Claus the mushroom
grows under coniferous trees like pine
trees there's a micro riser relationship
with coniferous trees and it grows like
almost instantaneously you know that
looks like a pomegranate mmm it does
sure looks I mean it looks like an apple
- it does yeah so that book is a really
weird book it's hard to follow it's
really complicated but the book is
essentially saying this guy John Marco
Allegro he studied the Dead Sea Scrolls
for 14 years and his conclusion after he
was one of the people that was on the
committee to decide for the Dead Sea
Scrolls from aramaic to english and
after 14 years he his conclusion was
that the entire christian religion was a
gigantic misunderstanding and what it
were really was about was the
consumption of psychedelic mushrooms and
fertility rituals whoa yeah and that
huge pagan yeah take it all back to
paganism which we're not supposed to
celebrate but we are but we are
Christmas was a pagan holiday move a
bunch of the holidays to coincide with
pagan holidays just to get pagan people
on board gap you know it was at which
blew my mind it came out like ten years
ago is that site guys
about everything and Jesus and
everything you know whoa I had no idea
check that out that's yeah have it
there's really no it's when you stop and
think about how long people have been
telling the story of Jesus and how weird
it's gotten over the years and how many
times has been distorted and twisted and
changed and turned turned from ancient
Hebrew I mean the original Bible the Old
Testament ancient Hebrew and then they
converted it to Latin and Greek and then
English and then the New Testament and
then it's so hard what if and then God's
gonna punish you and bring you to hell
if you don't follow these words but
they're also screwy you're supposed to
believe in all this nonsense like people
coming back from the dead there's John
Mark roll Allegro so the Dead Sea
scrolls were found in this it's a crazy
story because they were found in Qumran
which is in Israel and they found them
in these caves and they were in these
clay pots and they were made out of
animal skins they were written on animal
skins and they actually had to do DNA
tests on the animal skin so they could
line up the pieces with the ones that
were from the same animal so they can
make this sort of assumption that this
all was one piece because a lot of it
was all broken up so they had to put it
all back together again
and try to figure out what it all meant
and he came up with this one theory that
the word Christ
it comes from an ancient Sumerian word
which means a mushroom covered in God's
semen what yes not semen it's come the
rain comes from the rain was come the
rain was like God semen and then these
mushrooms had come out of the ground
right after the rain right because you
know you've seen like when it rains the
next day these mushrooms are huge yeah
they're massive yeah well they eat them
they trip balls and they think that it's
coming from God and so all the stories
in the Bible were essentially about them
trying to hide these mushroom rituals in
allegories and parables and all these
different stories you know that would
made sense to them but wouldn't make
sense to their conquerors like the
Romans whoa bro cuz I mean I feel like
if after a big rainstorm because those
mushrooms pop out
really fast so they probably they don't
have TV they don't have Instagram
probably like whoa these weren't here
like two days ago let's try them out
well you ever talk to Duncan Trussell
about when he used to live in Asheville
no when he still lived at Asheville
they'd actually spray things on the
manure to keep the mushrooms from
growing because so many psilocybin
mushrooms grew in the manure out there
and they even liked added things that
cows diet and they were trying
everything to kill these mushrooms
because these college kids Duncan dr.
Russell and his buddies would go out to
the fields and they would be fucking
mushrooms everywhere yeah cuz you know
Asheville North Carolina is like great
environment human yeah moist and
everything's green and lush these cows
just fucking later it's and these
mushrooms would grow out of them and
David all these kids would trip ball
yeah and Duncan talks with with great
fondness of his college days just going
out into the fields and finding
mushrooms and they would all just trip
there fuck I'm just set out in the field
and it can do it overnight like it rains
and then the next day you go out in the
morning and it's like fucking five
pounds of mushrooms just floating around
oh good times good times that's next
that's next for decriminalization
mushrooms yeah that's next they're gonna
make that happen they're gonna make it
happen it's already decriminalized in
Colorado my friend shot Evans was here
yesterday he was talking about it I
think they're gonna pull that off in
California as well they have to they
just even from micro dosing if we could
just get everyone to microdose the world
would be so much better I feel like
that's the new trend right now I hear
that all the time yeah there was just
like I just micro does it is my girl
I've done a bunch of times someone I
know I know somebody who micro doses
acid I'm like shit a lot of guys in
Silicon Valley is crazy and they think
it keeps all their negative chatter at
bay I had a buddy of mine who was just
here the other day micro doses he says
he takes it every three or four days
that's his thing no no mustard mushrooms
like the little capsules little pills
they grind it up the ha they grind up
the mushrooms and he'll take one capsule
every three or four days and it keeps he
said just keeps negativity out of his
head keeps him positive keep some
healthy yeah that makes sense
yeah a lot of fighters are into it now
yeah I feel like that's what they did
with with weed it's like I just feel
like
especially now in California just feel
like more people are just kind of chill
with it yeah I mean I just remember like
I can't even go back to like back in the
day of like I got a joint let's go smoke
in the car on Shh shut up shut up
cars driving by look especially if you
were traveling yeah yeah Joey Diaz is a
famous film of we went to Austin Texas
and Joey Diaz used to hide the limit of
his balls and he's on the Alex Jones
Show talking about a hides weed under
his balls and it's there now it's
probably stuck there so probably forgot
about it but he used to that's what he
used to do is take a little baggie put
his weed in the baggie zip it up and
tuck it under his balls in his underwear
god that's crazy
no you had to you had to be careful yeah
I knew guys that would put it in coffee
yeah yeah coffee then now you just have
a bag of companies in you're like
whatever didn't even know what it is I
mean how many people exactly yeah so
guys a vape pen oh yeah cool they don't
check they don't give a fuck
there's looking for bombs of whoo and as
it spreads across the country the the
legality I think it's legal state legal
in what nine states something like that
and then medically legal and like 18 or
something
mmm how many let's find out let's how
many states let's do it let's try Siri I
think it's uh I'm gonna say nine states
legal I'm gonna go 18 states medical
okay
is that right Jamie let's find out I
think look at that whole shit all those
green the dark is enabling the dark is
legal yeah and the father other ones are
what medical yeah so everything's
medical well Texas isn't I know I don't
think Texas is what is Texas Tech so it
attacks it alike Texas Texas get to
Texas as a light green is nothing
medical CBD oil CBT yeah decriminalize
no well he's taking it CBD CBD is the
gateway cuz that shit is so good for
daddy it's a gateway that is the gateway
I know they have it in everything now
hand cream eye drops medical yes medical
no decriminalize no so the light ones
are what go to light ones are fully
illegal and what's Tennessee's tennis
have family in Tennessee fully bullshit
yeah white ones are fully bullshit we
don't sneak around in Tennessee what is
up in those green ones up north
let's Wayne what is this the squares the
squares the light the light ones down oh
the yellowish ones yeah what is that
Wyoming no medical no decriminalized
what is the one next to Wyoming what is
that state right next left left
Idaho I don't know yeah see that's how
they keep people out
cuz Colorado man when they made it legal
in Colorado fucking everybody move there
yeah they did Colorado boomed of course
they're real estate jumped tremendously
they started making a shitload of money
I think Hawaii's got it like weird too
this is mixed yeah what does it say okay
so it's reduced penalty and then Alaska
is like free right yeah legal powerful
friends in Alaska yeah that's crazy it
is crazy but look that just what we're
looking at there Massachusetts legal
main legal Vermont Vermont lega what is
that Illinois is New Hampshire still
illegal what is New Hampshire medicine
all I never do dis so I don't really
care they're just like Austin you know
they're just like we're in Texas but
we're cool but New Hampshire's weird
because that's supposed to be live free
like their bumper stickers or their life
alert diehard notice died
yeah and Florida is what medical yeah so
there's really only a few backwoods
states
well the Florida bath salts are fine so
one two three four five always worried
because it's fully legal in DC and
that's a not a state or a thing that's
the federal government city but it's not
legal get that cursor off the state so I
can count them one two three four five
six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve
twelve states fully legal over legal so
what you say nine
I said nine twelve that's good that's
progressive yeah it's nice it's nice
it's an election sure we got I'm sure
some people are putting it on the ballot
to legalize it maybe well there's a
picture of Bert Kreischer taking his
shirt off in the green room I know crazy
had some cuts I've never heard of such a
thing but it was the moment that we
became legal in California
Bert's trip t-shirt office I've run
around on stage we were doing end of the
world podcast and in the green room are
in the main room in 2016 when when Trump
was elected that was a weird night that
was a weird night
I remember where I was I was at the
improv that night yeah because we're
supposed to be doing a show and it was
like a UH that's right you guys were all
on stage at that table right that's what
you Sarah Tiana it should have been the
Bill burr show yeah Hilbert was on fire
he was roasting everybody it was amazing
was an IRA member like we were at The
Improv watching the election happened
and all of a sudden everyone was going
red red red and never and someone looked
at me I was like are we in trouble oh my
god yeah we're totally fucked well
people didn't think it was coming they
had this idea well people have these
ideas of what's good and what's not good
what's gonna happen and not kind of
which brings me back this mayor Pete guy
mm-hmm they they came up with that guy
because they said look here he is he's a
young handsome guy he's gay he's a mayor
he speaks well I think you served in the
military yeah so like this will be the
guy but he's also backed by all these
billionaire's like it's a fucking it's a
shell game what do you mean he's got a
wine cave leave him alone he's got a
wine cave what does that mean
well didn't what's it like Elizabeth
Warren said something like he had this
fundraiser at a wine cave like yeah I
was like all these like rich
billionaires it was like a cave what is
it called a wine cellar but it happened
to be a cave somewhere out here in
California just trying really hard to
keep it from being Bernie really hard
don't want Bernie Sanders and get if he
gets in there apparently you know he was
an independent for so long and he
doesn't want to play ball and he doesn't
accept any money doesn't cept accept any
money he's just been cool grandpa yeah I
think he's I mean shit I I love Bernie
you know why cuz he like you could say a
happy Martin Luther King Day that's but
then you look at an old picture of him
and he's marching next to Martin Luther
King for civil rights yeah that's
amazing you can't be like no like where
were you right you know it's like I just
I don't know I I have hope I hope for
somebody just to I have hope for him
socially yeah I like I like what he
stands for socially but then you look at
I don't know if
it's feasible because I don't understand
economics like when when people start
talking about he when he was on here he
was describing that if they just took a
very small amount of money from every
transaction that they do like less than
one cent from every transaction that
Wall Street does that it would add up to
more than enough money to pay for health
care and a lot of other things cool
who's explaining it all and he was
explaining it like very calmly and it
didn't seem like he was bullshitting I
was out I don't think he is a
bullshitter I don't think he's been in
the game for years he knows how it works
he's on a bullshit he knows how these
people with money work you know yeah
it's something and it's just so it's
such a weird upheaval politically like
things don't make 100% sense anymore
yeah I have no I actually had a friend
of mine asked basis you know cuz we got
our our voter registration because we
vote March 3rd here so they're like who
do you are you gonna pick him like I
don't know I mean we're gonna go blue
anyways but it's just like I honestly
don't know
it looks like Bernie Sanders gonna be
the nominee first he's winning in New
Hampshire it looks like you there are
they saying he won in Iowa no I think
Pete did he pull shit he beat him by six
thousand votes it's such a it's so book
we beat him in a dance-off so oh did he
get down I would love to see Pete just
more coin flips oh oh that's right how
about that fake coin flip they robbed
that coin whoever that is that did that
coin flip put that kid in a jail cell
what son of a bitch did you see that
coin no I want to see the coin for the
coin flip Solaris was in Iowa yeah
hilariously rigged watch the coin flip
hold on do it from the beginning watch
this watch how bad this coin flip is go
go fullscreen go fullscreen please and
do it from the beginning watch this
flips it catches it look so we can see
and then Wow hey fuck you and no one
said anything oh they're all happy yeah
it's mayor Pete look yay that's what
they wanted they wanted to be mayor Pete
so this dude rigged this coin flip in
front of the whole world watch this
pulls it looks at it okay how shall I
flip it I'll do it like that horse shit
that's not how you do a coin flip god
damn Oh at all
I learned a coin flip imagine if you
were betting $100 with that guy so I'll
bet your hundred bucks
okay I'll flip a coin oh I win I mean
you win you fuck you rigged it look at
that hey what what what is his jacket
what is the patch I'm a cunt mmm poor
thieving cunt to cut for so that's
really bad wind flips I love that woman
who's like every mom in Iowa like I'm
proud of my son how's that old guy
watching right next to move hey you fuck
that's not how you flip a coin what
country you're from kind of nonsense is
that
that's why anymore if it's just people
calling out bullshit yeah is that from
is that you do it in Greenland it's not
are you doing in America you don't get
to look at the coin then flip it over to
the other side you asshole look at it he
looked at it and it turned it like
manipulated it with his hands so like do
it again just do it again
yeah well so you do it flip that bitch
let it land on the ground yeah let it
land on the fuck everybody back up
so they doing football yeah and I know
that yes I mean flip that bitch yeah but
yet this is literally could it could
change politics like one way or the
other if Bernie gets it or if mayor Pete
gets it the delegates it all add up to
one guy or I mean go down to the wire I
mean that's bullshit creep the whole
thing's bullshit bullshit what does this
did they went off on this of course they
did but this is what they did to Bernie
Sanders in 2016 they rigged the DNC
rigged my memories then they don't want
him and they're doing it now because
he's cuz you can't he won't work with
them it's not corrupt yeah they want
someone who takes that money you don't
want tulsi and they don't want Bernie
they push them out yeah right they
effectively eliminated them as threats
slow but they can't Bernie's got too
much grassroots behind them but who do
you think if say if he gets the the
nominee nomination who do you think
he'll pick his vice if he picks Tulsi
he'll be smart two of them together
would be a dynamo with a dynamic team if
he picked AOC no she's too young she's
only 28 can't be President she could be
vice no I don't think so I don't think
it's 336 to be President he gets shot in
the head then what happens oh god sorry
the
but I mean if he caused Wall Street
billions of dollars and in losses it
could be real ugly for him I don't think
they're gonna shoot him
but they definitely poison you have to
be 35 yeah she's too young she's 28 yeah
well that's why she says things that
don't totally make sense sometimes well
we all do but one of the things she said
it's impossible to pull yourself up by
your bootstraps in this country by the
shoelaces yeah yeah I saw that
but here's why that's not correct she
used to be a waitress now she's a
congresswoman she's literally living
proof that you can you can pull yourself
up from the she just works hard she
worked hard I understand what she's
saying
she's talking about working families
that are really poor and then have
multiple jobs and that are struggling
and they're they're never gonna be rich
they're never gonna be wealthy then
everyone be middle class she's right in
that regard that's there's a lot of
people that because of their
circumstances because their
responsibilities they can't take any
chances they can't do the things that
she did she's young and single she's
right in that way but I don't yet see I
have a twisted relationship with this
whole idea of democratic socialism I'm a
hundred percent in favor like me
personally I love paying more taxes if I
really felt it was going to make an
impact for the better of humanity if it
was going to improve schools for kids
that live in bad neighborhoods if it was
going to be developed community centers
in bad neighborhoods it was gonna you
know provide better health care for
people I'm all in for that I just don't
trust the government meaning I don't
trust the kind of people that you would
give that money to and then they would
allocate it however they were the way
they'd like to do I just don't know if
they're efficient I don't know if
they're reasonable I just most people
that work in government like I don't
know if they have the capability of
change on a large scale or if they're
already so compromised in so many
different ways that it would just be
throwing money away right right did you
see the video with um I don't know what
it came out it's Adam Carolla sat down
with Tucker Carlson did you see that
what did they talk about they talked
about like California they talked about
the homeless epidemic that's here in
California and how I'm gonna train quota
right how he says the government just
kind of looks at blind eye because we
are a city in a state that lives on
permits and parking and licenses and you
know we just want that money you know so
it's like if he says something you know
for
Memorial Forest Lawn Memorial mm-hmm
like how you look across the way and
there's all these you know immigrants
and whatnot like selling flowers you
know but like a woman driving without a
license but she'll get pulled over and
charged but all the sudden it was kind
of interesting and I hate saying I hate
being like Oh Tucker Carlson but it was
just it was actually a really
interesting interview that's probably a
good point
yeah California would care about the
homeless get money we can get money from
them Sean all the way over here - I was
just looking at all these tents and it's
just so fucking sad it's so sad it's
really sad and it keeps growing it keeps
going I live in West Hollywood and I
remember like a couple of years ago cuz
you know it went from downtown and then
downtown pushes them all out so they
keep going west keep going west so I'm
go to the beach so I'm go to Santa
Monica but now it's like I live in an
area that you know 6-7 years ago it was
it was fine but now it's like even on
the way to go get coffee this morning I
walk everywhere I go it's like I saw
like three three homeless people just
outside just screaming at nothing you
know they're in tattered clothes and
they're dirty and they're you know I
went I used to work with a girl years
ago at a restaurant when I waited tables
and she's now homeless and she's like
out of her mind and I feel bad we should
always never mind no no she hurt you
know her name was Lotus you know she did
yoga and now what happened I don't know
I don't know try to talk - I did when it
was like I got to watch the progression
of the critical illness yes so I would
see her every now and then I was like
hey what's going on cuz like back when
the recession happened you know we were
rating table so we bounced from job to
job because one day we'd go to work and
there'd be chains on the door because
they couldn't pay us so we had this
little kind of group that we would go
apply together at different jobs and
then I started seeing her out on the
street and just walking around I was
like hey what's going on I hope you hope
you're doing well instead of a nun she
just kind of never let me know how she
was really doing and then like a couple
of years would go by and I'd see her and
I'm like she looks a little out of it
and I would say hi to her and she
wouldn't respond and then now it's
full-on like teeth are missing and
running down the street crying and it
just breaks my heart cause it's like I
don't know what to do and I don't know
if she would be willing or how tight
were you with her you
the other phone number no no I don't I
mean I don't know she has a phone I
can't write but did you at one point in
time think so yeah yeah and it's like
it's just that that like inner guilt and
you're just like God how did it get so
bad should an apartment you know I think
her parents passed away and that might
have like set her you know it's
spiraling but yeah I remember just like
doing a spot at the Laugh Factory one
night and walking outside and you know
how everyone they just keep everyone
outside like you do it and she just like
barreled through everybody just
screaming nonsense and like she had like
teeth missing and it's just sad it's
just really really sad and then I'm at
the gym working out I'll see her like
down there you know with her garbage and
everything and yeah she doesn't it's
just sad it's a lost cause when you knew
her she didn't see much any mental
health issues no really no I mean she
would talk she would do yoga I mean I
remember her she's always with Lotus
well her name was lotus harmony which I
don't know that's a real name but at the
time that's how I knew her and she was
always just this sweet lady
you know just beautiful skin beautiful
smile always in a good mood when she got
mad you were like oh man Lotus has
pissed you know because she was always
so friendly and yeah and then now you're
just like damn and I you know I just
want I don't know what to do I would
love to help her because it just breaks
my heart homeless people break my heart
but female homelessness really really is
sad for me yeah because we're sexist
well it's it's I feel the same way you
know it's just like someone's daughter
someone's wife someone's just out there
you know vulnerable to the elements and
predators and it's just you know it
breaks my heart no it's awful but I
think most of what you're seeing with
homeless people is people that are
severely mentally ill so you gotta
wonder like what cause maybe she was on
medication and her yeah her you know or
insurance ran out yeah she couldn't
full-on Joker yeah yeah yeah that's real
it is real fucking real there's a lot of
people out there with giant mental
health issues yeah I mean I mean I I
I know I know several people who you
know they would have anxiety a guy that
I use today is like you know we dated
for a long last time it's like if he
didn't have his his anti-anxiety yeah
like and he got off that I mean he would
full-on have a panic attack and that
would get nerdy and I had to witness
that which was insane yeah people that
lose it because of their off their
medication yeah that's a sad situation
because you're like you're always gonna
be tethered to this thing the good works
and use it twice today did it yeah you
said it earlier before we started the
tether but use it all today yeah I just
hope it works Heather Tuesday hashtag
Heather Tuesday it's you know like what
happens to them if the fucking corona
virus hits and they get right doors for
six months and you just become a
agoraphobic and lose your shit well we
were talking about this the other day
that most of what this is all happened
from the Reagan administration during
the Reagan administration they changed
the standards of what it means to be
mentally ill and they just release
people from asylums because they didn't
want to pay for it all mm-hmm and you
know that look if la is la is a city of
20 plus million people which is as many
people in LA as I think is in all of
Australia so think about that think
about the amount of money and that they
can't make asylums here think about how
I abandoned buildings there are sure how
much money how much money would it cost
is there's currently somewhere in the
neighborhood of seventy thousand
homeless people yeah they said there was
some statistic that said there's more
empty apartments in this town than
homeless people the thing is though that
those folks don't just need a place
because they'll fuck that place
rehabilitate punch holes in the wall
shit in there and stops Meerut yeah
they're crazy
they what they need is help and they
need medication and they need counseling
and they need I mean some people I don't
I mean I'm not a mental health expert I
don't some of them you might not be able
to do anything to some some was so gone
right now and also they get so filled
with despair I knew a bunch of guys that
were homeless back from my pool hall
days there was a bunch of guys that
would hang around the pool hall they
would even sleep on the floor and you
know I knew guys who try to sleep in
people's couches they'd sleep at the bus
stops and then they'd come to the pool
hall and try to hustle up enough money
to get some drugs yeah it was they were
stuck in this place where they could
never get past where they were they were
just in a rut and they can never get out
of it it was just it's heartbreaking
yeah despair so much despair because
you're just like what happened the for
instance the other day I'm walking down
Santa Monica Boulevard over by Barney's
Beanery and I just hear up and I look
over and this kid's like had to be 20 to
23 years old and I was like what
happened where are your parents one too
many auditions
blew a few yeah just snapped if I hear
know one more time I'll show you
Hollywood Reporter motherfuckers guys
there are people though that you meet in
this town where you meet them early in
their journey hmm and they still have
hope like it's not worked out yet but
it's gonna I'm gonna make it and then
you run in comics yeah so I mean that's
the thing I think it's so relatable in
our field as well because you know those
people yeah we do know that I've all I
want to say I almost was one of those
people where are you oh yeah when what
time I mean give me a time where was
like 2002 and then 2005 and the villain
shootout yeah I mean there was I didn't
meet you until when 2007 and I want to
say yeah I think I met you at the ice
house when we were podcasting out there
yeah and then and then when you came
back to the store that was like a 14
yeah 14 yeah that's when I saw you again
and even then it was like you know I
make it work and I remember you looked
at me you go Jew so we're just gang I've
ever
I was like fuck yeah why did I say that
I don't know they're probably all really
high yeah probably so Oh didn't know
what I was saying when I was saying rap
but I mean I feel like that's you know
you get through that struggle and you
get through the gears of being hungry
and the years of like can I pay my rent
this you do whatever you can to just
scrounge everything up and and do it so
you had those moments where you like
this might not work out I might go crazy
hmm
or what's my other option move home or
suicide damn yeah I mean this town's
hard it's very hard well it's also you
see so many people that are doing well
right like it seems so far out of reach
like when you're broke and you see some
guy driving by and a Mercedes
convertible you're like you know you see
these people go into those big
high-rises off of La Cienega you know
dorm in there and everything but nobody
lives there no one must know no one can
afford that shit I mean there's maybe
like what I've heard is that the they
build those and then the Saudis want
their kids to come to school here and
get an American education so they just
buy them for them but nobody have you
done any research on this or is this
just I've overheard some things well
where the real money is is that Wilshire
stretch oh yeah yeah that is and that's
always been there yeah yeah there's a
the weekend just bought some fucking
redonkulous yeah
penthouse up there that makes sounds
yeah you get some crazy ass view but
there isn't it weird that that one strip
is where all the luxury apartments are
well sure yeah yeah that one does this
way oh yeah yeah like one area around
like the Santa Monica area
yeah where the fire happened right right
that was yeah the Palisades right
no that was Wilshire and Brentwood yeah
it had a fire in the Palisades Westwood
Westwood there was a fire the Palisades
there was a fire but this fucking
desires every Icefall everything's catch
on fire any day now so what turned it
around for you what what made it feel
like it's gonna be okay
do you remember you know what I'm gonna
say something and it's gonna come across
really cheesy and but it's real I just
believed in myself
cheesy that's I had to be like you know
what I know I've been doing this for so
long I know who I am I know what I've
got well ever since I've seen you you've
been a killer
thanks like you're really funny Thank
You Man like I've seen some sets from
you in the main room like this
motherfuckers you're free you know
you're up there you're free yeah you're
like you're you're loose and
unrestrained you know you're fucking
funny
thank but I didn't see you when you
weren't so like when I saw you you were
doing well right like from the moment I
saw you
Norsemen and a lot of it I think was
pressure from Mitzi because I skipped
all that I skipped the open mikes I
skipped all of that I just remember
being at my lowest of lows and being
like what do I have to lose and I
remember being a kid and being like you
should do stand-up cuz I idolized you
know Joan Rivers and Robin Williams and
I remember being like fuck it let's try
it out
and I remember getting holy when you
constant doing stand-up
first time it was 2008 yeah that was
your first time first time yeah so he
thought about it for a long time I did
it for a long time and then so from 2008
to 2009 or October 2008 to June 2009
that's when I had an open mic at the
store and I just remember Michael
Jackson just died and I just remember
saying this energy was crazy that night
and there was an open mic there was like
16 comics in the main room and I was
like 14 and I was like no and then they
were like Justin's going third so we
didn't start doing the podcast of the
Ice House until 2009 yeah it was right
after I got passed no I don't think we
started at the nice house until 2011 now
that I'm thinking about I think we
mostly did it at my house yeah first
year right - it was mm yeah 2011 that
makes that that's probably when I met
you so you but you were already rolling
well no I have no idea on stage you were
doing well I was doing well but I didn't
know who I was hmm I knew how to make
people laugh but I didn't know like what
I didn't know the process and so mitzi
was the one who like passed around the
last guy she passed at the store
and so I just remember being like oh did
she say to you she didn't say anything
she just pointed she looked at Tommy and
said make him a regular and he was like
like development spots and she's like no
he's ready and then I remember being
taken away and they were like you've
just been passed by Mitzy shortly it was
like a weird like Ren Faire wizard thing
what has happened to you never happens
and then I just remember being like oh
shit like I did my research about the
place and I just remember being like hot
damn and I'm looking at her right now
yeah and just that feeling of like I've
got to make this happen I've got to make
sure cuz she'd never I don't even know
when the last time she came to the store
was but you know everyone she was ill
yeah and I just wanted to be like god I
hope this wasn't like just her having
dementia and being like oh she's insane
she picked that guy dude when she passed
me I didn't sleep that night really no I
was lying in bed I remember thinking I
can't believe like I'm a paid regular at
the store I was already on TV yeah I was
on a TV show yeah that didn't mean shit
to me yeah what meant something to me
was like I was all I was a real comic
now it's a stamp of approval the guy had
already been paid you know I'm starting
to cry Oh Joe get in touch with the
emotions it's normal I um I had already
been doing stand-up like for money you
know I've done a lot of headline of gigs
I you know I travel I did some road gigs
and I did a lot of stuff around New York
before I came to LA you know and then I
was out here in 94 and she made me first
sure maybe a non-paid regular and I
would go I'd go on last every night and
I was here every next I didn't have any
friends I was staying at the Oakwood
Garden Apartments those pre furnished
apartments and I was on this television
show that was terrible and I was just
going to the store every night I would
work all day during the thing I didn't
have any friends and then I would go to
the comedy store and that's that's where
I feel like tried to find a home a
family yeah yeah so I got these
late-night sets it was like you know it
was always like five people in the
audience takes people in the audience
and then one night she passed me she
passed me I've told the story before but
there was a guy named de Todd and the
Todd had he's eventually he developed
like some pretty severe brain issue like
and he went insane and it was really sad
because back then I had seen him before
I ever came out here on MTV on the half
hour comedy hour uh-huh and he sat down
next to Mitzi while I was onstage and
laughed his ass off just ha har Manor in
the Oh are in the or and then I came out
stage and she just goes okay you're past
that was it that was it
yeah that was my second audition for the
first one she made me a non-paid regular
and I did that for months and then I
became a paid regular but did Todd
pulled me aside and he said he goes I
sat there and he was really funny he was
what i sat there and i laughed really
fucking hard and I told Mitzi you're
really funny and he goes and you're
gonna do that for other people someday
yeah it's a cool feeling
it's a cool feeling too I actually had
the moment of seeing her I think it was
at the the it was a reunion of what was
the 40th reunion something a couple
years ago and they had me on like the
class of 2000 was like Natasha and mmm
some other people were on the lineup
maybe even Duncan I don't know and she
was sitting in the back they brought her
in and in her wheelchair and I was like
I have to say hi to her you know I'd
never I didn't get to say hi to her I
didn't get to meet her the last time she
just pointed and took off and I kind of
like I went up to her and I've looked in
her eyes and I shook her hand and I said
hi I'm Justin it's it's a honor to meet
you and I just want to say thank you
because you changed my life and she just
stared at me and I was like she doesn't
even know and then all of a sudden she
just squeezed my hand and that was it
oh that's all I needed so that that to
me was like oh she's there she gets it
yeah you know she'd had those moments
that she'd be in and out mm-hmm but I
mean that's everything that I've done
that's led up to where I'm at now
has been for her too because I haven't
had other than my other than my mom and
my friends back home I've never had
somebody really believe in me like that
you know what I mean right it's very
special it's very special and just yeah
to be a part of a family her you know
and that's what it was I mean and that's
what helped me getting out of that like
I'm not good enough and I'm moving home
it's like oh wow I actually have a home
now and every time I go there now I just
feel so welcome and you know it's it's
it's nice it's a fraternity it's a
sorority it's a university you know Dean
yeah it really is it's hard to describe
for people that don't know mm-hmm you
know like I was talking to Bill Maher
and he was telling me he doesn't go to
clubs mm-hmm I'm not going the fucking
clubs I'm like why would you go to club
you don't like going to clubs it's like
I graduated from that I'm a gun with
that much graduate I'm like dude I'm
never leaving congratulate at least you
have an alma mater you know go back well
it's not even that it's just like why
that's that's the gym yeah it is the gym
yeah I mean it's totally that you're not
done learning never done stand-up is
never over mm-hmm and less journey and
especially if you do new specials right
cuz you abandon your material then
you're starting from scratch every few
years you're you're never done like you
have to be around I don't think there's
any other way I've been I've done it
different ways you know there was a time
where I was gone from the store where
wasn't I wasn't doing my best work and I
wasn't doing way more gigs for the UFC
and I wasn't working in the clubs as
much and my stand-up just wasn't as
sharp it just wasn't as good there's no
way around it it's like you have to do
the work there's no other way and it's
also there's something about that
environment that place it's so nurturing
it is you know it's it's crazy because
it's like I'm now on the road and it's a
it's my first time actually like
performing in theaters which is crazy
but you know I feel like the main room
in the o.r and all that has been that
Jim has like you said yeah where you're
just like okay I'm ready to do this I
remember doing the Grandal
pree last year in Nashville like where I
grew in as a kid from the Solomon
Theatre the Ryman yeah and I like they
just were like alright get out there and
I went out there my mom's in the crowd
like I was just it was so over I didn't
even think about it until afterwards and
I just remember walking out there just
be like holy shit Grand Ole Opry and it
was just man I just let's go yeah like
this is what you were this is what
you're made for let's go I try to talk
to people about what it's like to hang
out at the store mm-hmm like people that
have never been like why are you there
so often like man just come with me one
day mm-hmm it's come with me one day
when I walked through the building yeah
it's it's pretty we're so lucky its
magical is really what it is and you
know it's it's a place where you know
there's egos and there's you know
rivalries I guess and it's a few that
I've heard of yeah I don't then I try
not a couple of gals that don't like
house a couple of gals don't like each
other that's all I know about I know
about a couple gals yeah I don't know
about any dudes you know a dude
rivalries yeah do you do i yeah you
don't have anybody anybody right do you
you might we have to discuss it yeah I
don't have rivalries I just here's my
thing couple people are annoying couple
people are annoying and a couple a
couple people need to check themselves
because there's a lot of like I just
said ego and bullshit and I just don't
have time for that right Yeah right but
you know for the most part it's just all
hugs right yeah yeah yeah yeah I will
say that like if you see somebody can
just catch up you haven't see them in
months you just hug them yeah and you
just pick up right where you left it so
it's like an empowering environment like
it nurtures you like you get there you
feel great
mm-hmm you know that's why people come
there even if they don't spot like
there's a lot of comics there on the
road they don't even want to do a spot
but they want to come to that back bar
and hang out like I was just in town I
wanted to hang out Ron White does that
shit all the time
oh yeah runways always yeah well here's
a house here's a house in Beverly Hills
so he just gets in his cars it fuck it
up come on we'll hang out yeah that
backwords great back bar changed
everything
yeah you know it gave us a place mm-hmm
it's gets infiltrated some days but some
days it's all it's now being infiltrated
where me
we need to stop the infiltration because
all sudden they'll be there asking
questions like hey this is not what this
is for
yeah it's not here for you to grill me
on how do you get started and how do you
do this and how do you do hey hey hey
I'm here with the comedian's yeah just
to hang out with my friends I'm not oh I
did it I did a spot up in the belly room
oh did you really get out of here did
you where's your name on the wall get
out of here
well that's the thing right anybody you
up in the belly room if it's one of
those weirdo shows weirdos
hey man that's how people get started I
started a show there that got picked up
it's coming out next month what is it in
March yeah it's the show that we got
already laughing cuz we started it two
years ago in the belly room what is it
it's called what was called stand-up to
the streets and then he end up to the
street yeah it was a dance battle you
know
yeah and so we started at two years ago
my friend Justine Moreno and the first
day we were supposed to do it
you actually bumped us out I don't know
you're just like I'm doing tonight we're
like ah damn it Joe wins again nobody
told me no no of course not but then
comedy sir must have just offered it to
me I think they did but then we did it
like monthly we go every month we went
in there and did it sold out every night
and then this network was like hey let's
put this on TV and me out in March
what's it on it'll be on the E Network I
was hoping you didn't say Bravo well
same thing
[Laughter]
isn't that with Keeping Up with the
Kardashians your lead-in oh no I don't
mind life is in the gym the other day
watching that no walked and I go why
yeah you're smart yeah you're
interesting what are you doing
mm-hmm she likes being distracted by
nonsense well that's it that'll do it
for you if you fuckin know how to do it
- it's like a hypnosis show they have
these smash cuts they go quickly from
one person to the next and they this is
just enough drama like how are they
gonna resolve this but it's also no mind
hypnosis because you're just watching
they're like the other day had a salad
and it was really good and like why do I
care but tell me more answering
arthritis cuz my wrist hurts we want to
have a Candyland themed party but with
no candy well I want I want to take them
and swap them on naked and afraid
absolutely take them and just
drop them off in the jungle see how they
survive naked and afraid ah that's it
you know I mean have them do something
really difficult like retire just
fucking anything hard their life is I
mean it's really interesting because I
made sort of a I don't know what she was
saying not an oath but uh I decided to
stop making fun of Kim Kardashian I
started letting people out of prison
yes I'm like that's powerful she's real
like that she's really doing something
like genuinely good so I'm gonna stop
mocking her really you have to but it's
like you know she wants to be a lawyer
there's report well yeah she's in law
school is she really yeah she's going to
law school yes does she go there or she
do it at home
did she ever assistant do it and tell
her what the answers are gets the
cliffnotes yeah yeah she probably was
all the Kardashian he got the OJ off
yeah
or helped as part of the dream team yeah
that is apparently the one that him
bag of bloody clothes you heard it first
it's what I heard oh man I don't know if
that's true but I don't you know and you
got a I don't know I can't knock I can't
I know she's doing good
I talk shit about him like it sucks cuz
I have like videos up from like years
ago and then I went to the of me just
shitting on them and then and then I
went to the People's Choice Awards and I
had my friend Trevor rains like do this
like he designed this like amazing
country-western tuxedo but it was all
their faces crying it was so awesome
check out my Instagram it's so good it
was all and I sat and this waiter came
over to me he goes um you know they're
sitting right next to you right I was
like shit I was freaking out and so then
they all come over and they're sitting
right there and I'm like oh like my body
weight your oh look at your jacket
Kim looks up at me and she just goes oh
my god that's amazing and I'm like oh
and then she's like mom look and then
Chris is trying to turn around and she
can't and then and then Khloe's there
and then
or make Cortney loved it and then they
start taking pictures of me on their
Instagram stories that I'm like oh my
god and then I got up to go say hello
yeah it was it isn't that dope that's
when I worked at E well they're not all
crying they just but they all walk II
there's crying it's it was awesome
that's a great pic and then I got up to
go say hi to them and that's when I
security guard almost like body slammed
me really hit the one at the bottom
you'll get a full one there's a security
guard they have overzealous security
guards oh yeah but after she got
kidnapped and basically I'm like just
what the hell are you doing you can just
you're six foot four you can just walk
over and like a normal person sit down
you fucking common or know your place
well not only that you have pictures of
them all over your jacket
a security guard might think you're
fucking inside by the way you look
insane look at that face what are you
talking about that's just a strong
jawline look what's going on here look
at you that was yeah you look a crazy
person you definitely you look good
though thank you
it's not bad yeah represent for a
ridiculous jacket that wanted it if we
look off it was stupid I wanted it to be
stupid and fun and campy and so what
were you doing there Willy therefore I
was there at the People's Choice Awards
because I used to host a show on E
called what the fashion what the fashion
yeah oh it was like that it was like the
millennial version of fashion police
what is it like working at email well I
don't work there anymore well what would
you know was wasn't that long ago it
seems like an incredibly frivolous
pursuit well I didn't really I didn't
really get I worked there for two years
so I built this show up from the ground
up called what the fashion and then oh
shit we're doing an exclusive aren't we
oh yeah yeah it was for snapchat
discover and it was awesome it was a
great platform
it started on snapchat mm-hmm yeah those
guys one of those guys who knew and then
you know I used to write for Joan on
fashion police a couple times you have a
youtube channel no you should do is
still a thing - I'm starting a podcast
oh you are yeah we definitely should
have one of those I'm gonna do it yeah
but why don't you have a youtube channel
I don't know like it's a great way to
open up content yeah I'll take the note
and do it well I'm going to but - you'd
be trying well what the fashion has a
YouTube channel so it's all in there I
know another in December but I left just
because I didn't get to really do all
the fun stuff they just come on stuff
well you know like red carpet and like
go to the events and stuff you have a
popular YouTube channel you can do that
and bonus no boss
yeah no boss that's what I had to learn
I had to learn to be my own boss at the
end of the year yes that's right here
you're on a show with no boss wait you
don't have a boss no boss Wow
yeah that's bitch-ass bitch I know so
that's what I'm learning this year is to
be my own boss yes you can do it 100% I
just try to encourage as many comedians
as possible to do it it's like you can
put up content of your own you can do
anything on your own I mean so many
people like Tim Dylan perfect example is
that him in drag
it's him as Megan McCain oh I got
blocked by her you did on Twitter yeah
Tim doing of course he did you get black
fire I just said something on Twitter it
was just kind of like I don't remember
but I I told her to fucking calm down
and now she's like she's my father my
father my father my father and now she's
like I love gay people and I'm like okay
bitch um but yeah she but if that's a
good stamp of approval to getting past
my midsi getting blocked by Meghan
McCain well she blocked him Dylan and he
was who's very excited about its kind of
an epic thing I got blocked by a Chloe
grace Moretz and who's that she's an
actress why'd she block you cuz I yelled
at her in a movie theater whoa she was
on her phone really yeah and I was
watching the purge so I was like in the
moment she was talking on the phone and
a fucking movie no she what she was on
it she was like checking Instagram full
brightness just no yeah
and she was sitting in the front and I
oh I was living
talked about this several times and I'm
still fucking try how did she know that
it was you she didn't know it was me
because it was dark and I went over and
screamed at her and told her could offer
fucking phone then I turned around the
audience started clapping because
everyone was pissed off so I was a movie
hero and then as I went out someone was
like that's the girl you were yelling at
and paparazzi were all around her and I
was like oh I'm taking this stunt winner
I'm gonna tweet and I started tweeting
at her saying hey bitch get off your
phone in the movie theater especially if
you're an actress and we're paying money
to see you doing movies you know and
then she blocked me so then I wasn't
done yet
I'd sweeted uh her boyfriend at the
Times mom who happens to be a Victoria
Beckham posh spice and was like hey your
son's dating an asshole you know who
didn't block me Victoria Beckham
probably didn't like ya but she didn't
fucking her son she's probably angry
that dirty bitch got her bad breath over
my son's dick God wait I just got a
notification she just blocked you on
Twitter
you ain't good I don't check oh my god
blocked me all day on Twitter I won't
never notice who's the most famous
person who's ever blocked to you I don't
have no idea you don't know you're there
I stopped reading Twitter mentions and
all that stuff a long time ago I need to
get better at that I don't read shit I'm
gonna do it though I'm gonna read these
comments why because it kind of gets me
hard I just think I think the whole
premise of comments is fascinating to me
how someone takes time out of their day
to just like you know it just it just
blows my mind you know and it's funny
because sometimes they're very
supportive like once once I left the
show you know people are coming and and
tagging me and stuff and be like we want
Justin backwards just at the shows not
the same and I'm just kind of like well
it ran its course you know I did my
thing and I'm moving on right but it
just it's just so funny how some people
are just like you know it did what's it
called lights out with David Spade the
other day and it was like get this
faggot off
how rude I know it's just but it makes
me laugh because I'm like well who's on
the show me not you so hmm who's the
faggot now mmm I don't think that
changes I don't think that change of the
people say things all day long doesn't
change who you are I don't think it
changes I think what the real problem is
that people have access to your emotions
if it doesn't fuck with you right then I
don't you know if you're them one of
those people but for most people who
fucks with them like Bert Kreischer said
it best he goes I was looking at Twitter
the other day and he goes and then I was
thinking why am i risking the fact that
something might fuck with my head or
hurt my feeling right then I get off of
it that's what he said I was like that's
a good point yeah that's kind of what
what it is
I live in toxic times you know it's not
a good way to talk okay because if
someone's in front of you you would
rarely be that mean it would it would it
would take a lot for someone to be that
mean in front of you but on Twitter
there's no real connection plus they
don't like the fact that you are the guy
who's on TV and they're not that's a big
thing right fuck camp why would you why
are you on there not me and people have
this weird idea about people who are
doing well that if they're doing well
you're allowed to shit on them you know
like I fucking saw something where
someone was talking about Kobe Bryant's
wife and they said with all her money
she'll be fine oh my god imagine
thinking like that like your emotions
are attached to the fact that you have
money so no you're fine you're fine you
have money you fucking daughter and your
husband died in a fiery helicopter crowd
and these people this one person was
like with all her money she's fine just
some shallow broker doesn't have
emotions move on I mean she's got three
other daughters it's also this thing
where they feel like they're allowed to
do that because you are really
successful right you know cuz and then
with you it's like you're on TV they're
not so they're allowed to just shit all
over you yeah and there's a way that
they can do it through Instagram
comments or Twitter comments hiding yeah
or an anonymous what's it called the
little the direct message no that when
they when when there's not a picture
when it's just a the egg shell or
whatever they can go and you can create
multiple accounts yeah it's just some
people just have too much time on their
damn hands yeah it's just it's it's sad
and that's just that yeah that's fucked
up when people just think well there's
so many voices they're not people - yeah
well they just feel like it's a free
shot mm-hmm look I would have felt the
same way if I was 15 if you gave me a
fucking Twitter account when I was 15
and I was frustrated at the world I
would have said the meanest shit to
everyone and anyone I could have gotten
a whole yeah a hundred percent I would
say the meanest shit you know I feel
terrible for kids today I do say that
their growth in their development is
going to you know it's gonna be
permanent record yeah there's a there is
a really good ad for god what was it for
it was a cell phone at it it talks to a
mother it talks to three generations of
people and they talked you know the
grandpa what was it like when you were a
kid he's like oh I went outside we'd
caught fish
I remember getting chased by a bear and
throwing a fish down just so you know
and then I ran out of fish because the
bear kept eating him but I got away and
then he talked to the daughter and she
was like oh we built forts when we were
kids and them talks to the kids it's
like what's your best thing about being
a kid it's like well I play video games
and I talk I check emails and it's like
hmm and they show the videos to the
grandparents and the parents and they're
just like the socks well friend of mine
works at Disneyland and he said they're
having a really hard time recruiting
young people that know how to
communicate what does that mean they
don't know how to communicate with
people they're stunted because they
spend so much time tweeting to each
other and text messaging each other that
talking to strangers they've they
haven't developed these common courtesy
skills and just the ability to talk to
people and actually be curious and that
they have to tell them put your fucking
phone down oh yeah they're on their
phone they check their phone like every
5-10 minutes they're just addicted to
checking their phone and they're
addicted to this weird little dopamine
rush that you get from looking at your
meds what is it someone talked about you
it's really fucking weird is that
there's a new there's a new way that
that younger people are getting in touch
with each other is that they will take a
picture of themselves and then they'll
put a text like what's up and then
someone will text back with the picture
not much you why
so yeah does that make sense so they'll
actually just so it's like say if you
and I were talking on the phone it's
like I'll take I'll take a selfie I'll
be like hey to you so it's not just the
taxes test with a photo yes it's a new
face photo with a message like a
snapchat or an Instagram like what's
going on do you have friends that they
they send you or they'd rather call you
FaceTime just out of the blue yes and I
don't answer them mmm I hate that that's
a new thing it's so we gotta be we're
doing that you know what's even weirder
is looking at somebody crossing the
street or something and they're just
like yeah my favorite is I have a friend
of mine who's my neighbor as well and he
was he was talking facetiming he was
FaceTime on Instagram promoting his
brothers his brother has a not a club
but it's like a social experience but
he's trying to promote it or whatever
and he was like yeah go check this out
and this guy on a skateboard goes right
by him he's like he was like okay that
happened and that that's not all heroes
wear capes you know mmm painful face and
I hate people who face time on planes
and in airports yeah that's weird right
it's loud and you're talking to the
other person loudly mm-hmm
put your headphones on that you Savage
you fucking animal oh what's wrong with
you yeah it blows my mind
but the FaceTime thing is seems like
it's within the last year or two guys
start just facetiming me out of nowhere
facetiming you yes my friends know and
you answer it sometimes it'll like them
how do you feel a lot of rappers rappers
all the FaceTime makes sense yeah they
love it they like FaceTime just want to
see where you're at I just think it's
just a more fun way of doing or
something have you done a group FaceTime
what stop it it's happened on axe and a
group text you can accidentally hit make
this a FaceTime call and it will call
everyone in the group text when everyone
answers it's kind of interesting because
everyone's like what the fuck you see
what seven people are all doing at once
it must be an emergency well you would
have to have an iPhone max for that
yeah the New Orleans big one you want
the big one you want the small phone for
that I switched over the small phone so
I look at it less that's how stupid I am
Oh
like if I have a small phone I'll look
at it less the new Samsung funny no no
no okay announce that yeah and the Super
Bowl they know it's a new one that
that's got seven inch screen what by
default
god damn it's like 7.1 inches I think
they said what is the know hundred
megapixel camera
Oh God and a hundred times 108 megapixel
David where we get to see each other's
pores now is that time zoom on it
nostril hairs I want to see that the
eyelash lice that you're carrying yeah
crazy phone Samsung is always raising
the but I mean they have to keep up like
in order to jump people off of the Apple
tit they have to make sure that they
really provide something exceptional I
know you know I'm so glad that guy was
barking about the Apple keyboards the
other day I was typing last night on my
Lenovo ThinkPad which is my preferred
method of writing it's so much better
because I have a macbook the new one too
they like oh we fixed the keyboard and
they didn't really fix it you didn't fix
it for a writer it's it's I can write on
and I have written what do you have a
pen and it just kind of no you're right
keyboard the keyboard blows it just
sucks it's not good the keyboard in the
lenovo is like effortless it's so much
better to it the little keys have like a
little c shape to them so it's a little
dimple your fit fits your finger fits in
perfectly Fingal finger dibbles yes and
you just you just gently caress the keys
and they cut has named ty Kiewit Katie
Micah what tt what tt yeah Savin love
hassles month what does he do he just he
was the director of Georgia rabbit he
just went for Best Original Screenplay I
heard Joe's rabbits hilarious it's fun
it's really good he's just a cool guy
he's the first indigenous person to win
an Oscar where's he from I think
Australia oh good for him yeah he's
right though about those shitty fucking
keyboards yeah Jamie sent it to me
immediately and I was like yes yes did
you say yes yes what's the writers guild
to take it up but fucking Apple because
it's causing people how much he hates
the Apple I don't think it's really
causing people pain a little bit but
it's not good
the fucking Lenovo's are so much better
lenovo thinkpad
if you I want a Lenovo ThinkPad what
does it look like I'll show you Oh
ThinkPad get to the ThinkPad x1 carbon
that's what I have this is shit it
weighs nothing
it weighs nothing is beautiful it folds
completely flat it's so superior the
thing is that it's just like if you're
caught in the Apple ecosystem right
which by the way Windows 10 is not bad
it's excellent
it doesn't fuck it's never crashed on me
I've had Lenovo keep I've had three
different think pads now for the last
three years and they haven't crashed how
many want that looks sharp it's fucking
so those keys are magical man your
fingers just glide over those keys you
make so many less mistakes so many less
so many less so many so much fewer
mistakes much fewer mistake look at look
at all the stars it has 4.6 stars you
have fucking twats you shit together
Apple it's just a it is and by the way
you can also get it in a touchscreen
what yeah it's a superior laptop if you
right if you like look for me I like to
come home from the store I spark a join
up and when I'm you know everyone in my
house is asleep
all my kids are sleeping my wife's
asleep that's when I get my writing done
it yeah and that thing is a breeze man I
just my fingers just go hide over those
keys and I like I brought my um my
MacBook on the road and I was riding on
that dog shit that's so interesting
Paris I can't write on my back book cuz
it's just too hard and then I I find
myself writing on my phone but I want
something mmm like you said sleeker
smooth her
it's way socket joint not some shoddy
yeah anytime happen her she's around
she's like the McRib every now and then
she'll come back and I think sometimes
people just get tired of all the fucking
lights like the oh shit you know I do
that man I like I love to just chill out
everyone thinks I'm always just like
party animal like I'm like no I'll wake
up and be like Alexa put on some 1930s
jazz oh and I'll just Alexa will do that
oh yeah like some 1930s jazz very
specific yeah what is this huh well Siri
do that yeah
oh yeah it's just like oh yeah hey Siri
play some 1930s jazz here we go here's
some 1930s jazz worship the devil
oh my god Siri that's not night that's
not no that's what Tom Hanks son listens
to is that sex is that no that stuff
with some steel sorry
you know what the fuck 1930s jazz is do
you oh fuck with me but it does work
hey Siri play some John Coltrane here we
go if it's the same song yeah
that's nineteen things that's legit
that's what shit put my simmer down
light an incense ah it's the best like
that lighter get that spoon out prepared
the heroin mm-hmm black tar only the
best is that the best allegedly have you
ever tried down no oh well I don't know
why he's guilty
oh god yeah yeah I have not tried heroin
have you tried cocaine yes how dare you
I have you ain't coked up mmm streets
you hooked up right around anymore
how kind what happened because you don't
know what that shit's cut with anymore
that's true and that dabble I saw some
video and they're like that'll do it one
more time and it'll kill you don't like
nope fentanyl yeah well I had a guy in
here who's the guy's name Ben was it Ben
West Hoff the writer who fentanyl wrote
a book on fentanyl he used to be a he
was a journalist he used to write for LA
Weekly then west on rank yes
fentanyl Lake and he said they were
reviewing all these raves where people
are dying and they're dying from MDMA
and like it didn't make any sense so
they did some tests they found it's not
really fentanyl or it's not really MDMA
they're dying from it's MDMA cut with
fentanyl yeah and plus they're not
hydrating themselves because that you
sweat because those people will know
what it is
we'll just rave until their heart
explodes it's probably some of that too
yeah it's probably a few of those but a
lot of it it's just overdoses of
fentanyl because they're cutting it you
know like stress drugs anymore that's
why drugs should be legal you know
that's one of the mayor Pete things he
had this weird conversation with one of
the journalists were there he was
talking about decriminalizing drugs and
the guy was like would you so you would
say heroin would be legal and he goes no
wouldn't be legal he goes well that's
what decriminalizing is like this is
weird conversation where they're trying
to work out the legal logistics of
what's decriminalized and what's not but
it sounds totally counterproductive that
if you wanted to have a healthy happy
Society you'd make cocaine and heroin
legal right but the problem is if it's
not legal then people are gonna get it
anyway and they're gonna get it from the
fucking cartels and you're gonna get it
and it's gonna be spiked
I don't want anybody to do heroin I
don't want anybody do coke I don't want
anybody to do any of these drugs but the
only way you're gonna give them pure
versions of that drug is to make sure
that it's actually from a reputable
source mm-hmm
reputable yeah that's a reputable it's a
weird way of saying it tomato tomahto
no I'm beautiful I've done I was like
weird people let's say nucular nucular
nucular nuclear nucular that I've done
ice that was one things ice so I think
it's math yeah how was that good times I
fall how long stay awake Oh
all night oh shit I was like I think I
was 22 and like a friend of mine at the
time I guess it was like hey we're gonna
smoke this out of a light bulb I'm like
I don't know why how do you smoke it out
of a light you're just it's like a it's
like the end of it was cut off and you
just light it underneath it's like a
whole one cut a light don't fucking know
I like I oh man I did that and I just
remember going to a bar and just talking
the fucking bartender's ear off just
non-stop
I remember going home and then I
remember being like 3 o'clock in the
morning I'm like you know what sounds
good I'm gonna move all my furniture
around it was just
like my neighbors were probably like you
fucking asshole and then I remember
going to bed finally at like 6 o'clock
in the morning and it was the worst
feeling I've ever experienced in my life
like my body just felt broken rotted
alright yeah just just corroded yeah
Erin she's coming out of somewhere well
but cuz once twice once you do it you're
addicted so it was like really I was
yeah is like right when it ended is when
my body was like you need more you're
going through withdrawals so high I was
one time one time that's all it takes
really mm-hmm and then I I literally sat
in my room and just shook it all out and
sweated and I remember making a vow to
myself I was like I am never doing this
again in tooth and then finally it was
like someone asked me they're like have
you ever I was like yeah I'd never done
math I mean I've done ice and they're
like that's what that is you dumb fuck
I was like oh man I mean it was not not
pleasant and you see how quickly people
can become addicted to that one time
once you're addicted all it takes
Wow so at the end of it you're like oh
my god I'm so wrecked I just need a
little to get me over and then next
thing you know you're doing a little all
the time that's exactly without a role
by the way that's what adderall is just
a very slow release I think that's what
xanax is I think that's what
negativeness you know thinks different
different kinds of drugs they're not and
feta mean well right the amphetamines
are a real issue for people that that
seek productivity yeah right that's why
you're trying to clean your house and
organize and stuff that's what happens
with housewives they want a real house
there's no real ones real actual house
so I want to organize la housewives the
ticket take a fucking adderall start put
it in a smoothie putting all their books
and the shelves in alphabetical order
and that kind of shit just listen to a
podcast calm down no just put your
podcast do both who would've all at the
same time with a butt plug in it just it
what a multi-tap no specific multitask
get the old butt wrecker
that's a good brand a buddy of mine who
used to date a girl that liked to do
speed he said they're the best girls to
have anal sex with because they never
eat
so they never shit and I was like I
didn't need to know that and that is
honesty he's like you never eat there's
nothing going on down there because
there's nothing worse than getting a get
an oil slick wow that's not fun yeah
that's I mean that's what it's over
there's no coming back from that
some people can come back some people a
nice bitch who's my dipstick yeah whoo
yeah you have to plan that right you do
you have to do it correctly I mean I'm
your food intake and make sure you don't
drink too much coffee mm-hmm it's a lot
going on there's a lot going on but if
you find the one mm-hmm you can do it
right the one that's the one area where
the the good Lord has done a disservice
to gay folks and giving them a lot of
options uh yeah yeah I mean I don't it's
good not to
I can't notice I don't trust my but
honestly I don't it's like you shouldn't
it's like I don't trust my but I do not
trust well I don't want anything in
there good move I don't want I feel like
it's like I feel like there's an octopus
beak that comes out and I'll just snap I
feel like it's the Sarlacc pit that boba
fett fell into in Star Wars I don't
trust my butt mmm I don't if you try to
put anything in there I'm just like yes
just who I am
nope just do a lot squats no way nobody
would want to it's just too tight
it's just deadlifts but those that's
kind of hot though big legs are hot yeah
but not too big like if your butt is so
tight they're like literally it clamps
down you know like people get sleep
apnea like football players do cuz their
neck is so big like that's off the air
pipe that's real yeah yeah there's so
much muscle in the neck that when they
lay back like they they they choke to
death like football players have choked
to death
falling asleep sleep apnea just from
giant necks that way your butthole makes
sense but then dudes with little dicks
would seek you out like ha ha
behold I found a place where it can be
tugged on a small deck nothing well yeah
but but it's that that's a weird thing
if you okay
that's all like gay guys even though
here what you don't want it in your butt
you still want a big one yeah right I
mean I get it but I don't get it I do
get it it's like genetics do you want
small tits
I don't mind see I don't mind either but
I think a lot of people in the in the I
mean put weight whole straight community
and the street a lot of people would
like let me speak for the straight come
you don't take whatever they can we
speak for my people huh what they like
is butts girls with big butts yes why is
that it's because it's jeans it's like
the jeans are signaling that this is a
healthy woman who will give birth easily
oh it's the old medieval hip trick it's
all she can it is all she labored
manymoon children like shit why does
someone want someone with perfect
features was because you want someone
with great genetics like just there's a
bunch of things that are favored right
like height tall men or favored strong
men are favored genetics big dicks
mating yeah that's all it is it's all
like genes so like if you see animal
genes if you see like a kendall Jenner
who writes who's not like her sisters
she has none what happened because she
wants to model so she can't she can't
have she can't feel her ass up with like
silicone and oh I thought you were
talking about like facial surgery is
that Kylie or Kendall which 100 oh my
god let's play a game called name the
Kardashian with Joe Rogan model
Kendall's the youngest like there's
Kylie and Kendall those are which one
had her face changed Kylie
okay so this is I mean which one but
Kylie Kylie did but Kendall's the one
who kind of kept herself normal not
normal I want to say that the filler put
up with she didn't filler brought up
she's a model she's doing fashion week
she's yeah that's okay so the one oh my
god I can't one switch
Kendall's on the left Kylie's on the
right okay so see though the ones on the
left is natural and the one on the right
is the one she had her face fish yes sir
Kylie's like the billionaire who's
you know selling makeup and tits and ass
and look at those fake boobs yeah good
lord the Kendall I mean so kendall has
real ones kendall has I mean those are
normal those are normal the ones next to
those are balloons so which which ones
more attractive to you depends on how
horny you are and how drunk you are
interesting and who's interested that is
a good factor whoever's who's interested
yeah that's gonna be a nice and drunk I
bet you have yeah I bet both at the same
time huh oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah
well the store - I've done it tried it
gene come out of the pickup out of the
audience
mm-hmm I like you jeans are strange man
they are weird what attracts people to
others I mean there's a lot of factors
right like mean people are very
unattractive right boring people are
very unattractive stupid people are very
unattractive there's a lot of factors
but then then it gets down like animal
stuff like shapes shapes of bodies size
of hogs right right sighs besides the
hog I think they're at Coachella this
year uh well I think not true I think I
think everybody and that's always been
fascinating to me is when you see like
the study of the law of attraction where
it's like you see something you like how
your pupils dilate and how you how you
kind of like pheromones and weird shit I
got a cologne god I can't remember what
the oh it was called so that's your
blacks cologne huh okay guys what am I
wondering what who the fuck's buying
Cologne me clothes you have in your
house I probably have about like ten
whoa you know a connoisseur yeah do you
have like different like tonight is the
night yeah no I sign up for scent bird
with that scent bird is the Cologne they
send you a different cologne every month
it's a cologne club it's like Dollar
Shave Club it's like from home it's like
1495 you get a little
Cologne Christ hey I've been with them
for two three years sent by oh my god
but I do it every every year I'll goo I
have my January through my December
smells you have different this is a
different time
get the fuck out okay well that's a wrap
different smells for different times the
year yeah I got my spring I got my
summer I got my fall and I got I got a
little spicy at the end of the year
little oh she gets spicy towards the
fall in the winter yeah yeah yeah I go
like a pumpkin e-service on man no just
like Becca Dolce and Gabanna little
dragon bone a little bit uh yeah and
they have them all on there and they're
nice have you I've always smelled good
okay I like people are like to him you
smell good I'm like fuck yeah you're
right so you put like a tiny bit tiny
bit just a touch just that's it but you
have ten yeah so and they keep sending
you more mm-hmm are you worried any
gonna run out of space he's wallowing in
his own filth no I have usually I'll use
for the month I'll use that as my month
and then you know if I don't use him
I'll save them oh but them there is a
cologne that I had it was called sexual
sexual is that even a word or some
asshole it's some assholes let's go
tanning does a you say like when people
would say in Spanish can you tell me
where o is the restaurant oh oh yeah
actually thanks you out but it had
pheromones in it sure it did
so what had pheromones in it and every
time I would wear it women would be like
mmm hey yeah good as they probably took
some fat guy and made him run on a
treadmill and then they'd ripped his
fucking underwear in each bottle it's
just od Bert Kreischer he's thick with -
no he's just Google Bert is no you're
fun I know but the death that's mean
he's thick Tom and Bert call each other
fat the bear trap shamed each other what
is it the butt yeah where's 1k bears
yeah that that's a chance at a term tell
them she tell them that they should know
they probably made
it's done to change repairs one cave
they're both bears in the gay community
those are bears so they didn't get the
joke they don't get the reference think
they know they should are they
technically bears you have to be kind of
little buff to be a bear no no no just
hairy
yeah fat I don't know what you are
you're not a beard huh a chimp
no yeah what is Joe Rogan in the gay
community mm-hmm that's I think that's
why we I don't have a thing either good
congratulation I used to be a twink and
now I'm not and now I've wet wilts my
Harry what changed I grew up Joe yeah
mature I felt that issue with gay folks
right as you get older the older guys
that are straight can get hos
oh absolutely gold diggers yeah yeah I
love a good old ho I know some dudes who
are just really old and they have young
hot girlfriends or wives
oh yeah it's hilarious cuz they got that
job yeah but then that doesn't work guys
does it yeah it does for twinks right it
does for young gays the younger there's
definitely somewhere I've been like this
guy's like 85 years old it's like said a
19 year old oh yeah like yeah oh yeah
but that's okay in the gay community
whereas that's disgusting in the
straight community if you see an 80 year
old guy with an 18 year old girl you
want to beat him to death you piece of
shit
but if you see an 80 year old gay guy
with an 18 year old boy I don't found
themself a fella yeah okay you also can
look and be like that'll do Pig well you
know also the other way if you find 80
year old lady she's got a 24 year old
boyfriend
well yeah go girl go bitch you go mm-hmm
good for her
good for her nobody's mad at her yeah if
anything you're mad at the guy for like
playing that old lady and getting her to
buy you a Corvette see that's how I feel
about Britney Spears right now really
yeah what's going on with her she's kind
of going through a thing
what is her think she's just you know
she's in a concert what to call the
conservation ship conservatorship I
don't know serve it and serve it like
her dad's in charge of her and she's
like almost 40 right yeah she's got like
mental shit going on if you look at her
Instagram she's just walking down just
flipping her
go to industry ah Jesus here we go
Brittany I love you came up a week ago I
thought you were used to this but I've
heard like we didn't get there but I
knew this was when I was having a
conversation with Bill Maher because I
talked about this well I said she's hot
and Bill Maher said what what are you
talking about and then my wife gave me a
ton of shit for saying that Britney
Spears is hot she's like what the fuck
is wrong with you
she's you know there's a whole thing
saying you know hashtag save Britney
because they just feel like she's not in
control of anything in her life anymore
like her dad owns everything that she
can't drive she can't do right but don't
you think there's a reason for that if
she wasn't so she whoa hasn't cracked
out yeah but she has like this hot 24
year old who put that photo up she did
let me see that somebody's gogo large
with that picture bro she looks
completely insane come on was she taking
her pants off she's got tattoos right
next your pussy well I mean who doesn't
me can't wait for spring what that's her
that's her cat all the emojis yeah every
emoji should go like a shoe and eggplant
and look at that what's good what's
going on with this one yeah 2020 I will
be doing a lot more so yoga
let me hear this please oh you just
killed my fantasies yeah she looks like
a seven year old lady what what is this
what's going on this is AcroYoga
she just does that show she looks crazy
to walk from her house and she does
these little fashion shows where she'll
put on like her outfits and just spin
around and you're just kind of like what
and now doesn't she do residency in
Vegas oh she did what is she doing now
she cancelled her residency like days
before it was supposed to open at
friends of mine who were supposed to
dance and her and her her second
residency that she was doing days before
they cancelled it because that was the
whole thing like her dad said no
apparently like her dad even slapped one
of her kids in front like well I really
fucked up yeah this is true are you just
no no this is all real it's I'm sure no
no it's out there
it's out there it's real oh it's real
yeah she does look cuckoo for cocoa
puffs yeah and so now you know everyone
wants her to like everyone's rooting for
and everything and it's it's just
everyone they are we're rooting for
Britney Spears what's going on here
she's in Hawaii it's my birthday bitches
how old is she she's probably 37 38
I'm sure she's bowling whatever never
but where they go that she's gonna bow
strike yay no it's so sad but where was
I going with this
oh yeah she has like this hot 24 year
old good boyfriend good I hope she buys
him was that him yeah look at this guy
I'm sir he's a moose it's a handsome
fella he's an elk what's going on around
his neck it's on a neck pole for
airplanes just wear that everywhere
probably on that fucking neck pillow god
I mean and that tree come on she does
look like she's out of her fucking mind
yeah so Bill Maher was right I'm sorry
bill yeah that that one where she's
doing the Aqua yoga that that was sad
yeah that's that there's a lot of em
where you're just just seems crazy I
know I mean yeah it's just a lot of head
flips and then I yeah yeah well she's
probably insane wasn't she like 16
intimated I mean that's the story
loosely wood you know it's like you
start out at like six pump you full of
pills and then you know who's all right
kind of sort of who Macaulay Culkin he's
on the cover of uh what's it called this
in March Vietnam hey affair they just
released it this morning
Esquire he looks good GQ something like
that supported up a hill yeah he's doing
well bears and caves bears a case he
he's in here Manolo yeah we had a real
good conversation yeah II enjoyed his
company he's yeah he's a nice guy
and he realized this Macaulay Culkin is
not like you the 39 year old yeah
Esquire that's what it has Esquires
March 2020 cover boy has been never in
longer than he's he's an interesting guy
he really is um
he's gone he knows he's gone through
something that you're not supposed to go
through like he knows he knows that
did something you're not supposed to do
he developed as a human being really
young in in a gigantic population of
people like everyone knew who he was
yeah he's hugely famous when he was a
little boy and that's not good for
anybody well and people would see him on
the streets and be like do the thing -
the thing I'm sure I'm sure he still
gets that and you can't say no that
you're fucking mad either want to kick
you yeah but Britney Spears man like
she's no when did she make it how old
was she knows she made it she's in 1999
was her first she's also on that Mickey
Mouse Club Justin Timberlake jay-z says
a she's she's double triple fuck yeah
yeah she's fucked she looks crazy
she's probably pilled up probably got
her on all kinds of stuff she had a show
with her husband at the time called uh
got chaotic with Kevin Federline
followed her around and she was like
jacked out of her mind he's one of those
gold diggers on the male side we only
have two him and Tom Arnold the villains
have made it those we got to up on the
board there are so many women who have
made so much money man and divorces and
only two men that I know of that have
really scored hard well well it's
someone else yes Anna Nicole Smith's oh
really I think so yeah Kevin Federline
it's all fat now he's got a giant belly
just takes care of the kids
he's got custody - which is not a good
sign you know when the ex has custody
and it's a guy that usually means you're
a fuckup
yeah or you've got some issues mentally
so it's like give me that's what happens
well you don't like kids yeah okay bro
you can have them that's what happens
here's a Ferrari it happened a Whitney
Houston happen to Michael Jackson happen
that's half at Amy Winehouse Jackson
those are not as kids oh yeah what do I
mean oh you mean going crazy yeah sorry
it's like you go you go down that route
you start to have it all well I don't
think anybody's supposed to be famous
and I think being famous is probably one
of the weirder fucking things that could
happen to a human being and I think that
as it's happening to you your reality
just distorts you know what
a that the you're not no you don't have
normal interactions anymore and so then
your foundation of who you are as a
person deteriorates now if you grow up
that way it's even stranger because then
your foundation never existed you never
had a foundation you were always in this
weird strange world and then oftentimes
it goes away like remember when Gary
Coleman was a security guard and people
would show up at his job and mock him I
was just trying to get enough money to
eat well it's like literally I mean when
you're working as a security guard
you're getting what $15 now if you're
lucky you're just trying to eat that's
all you're trying to do was like that
guy from Trader Joe's who is on like The
Cosby Show yeah what's wrong with a guy
I don't make a living at they're like
look how gross he is it's like no what
do you do that to everybody that's had
the fucking Trader Joe's no you say hi
you say hi they bag your groceries and
it's fine but it's almost worse to have
been someone and then not be someone
than it is to have never know it is
worse in people's eyes but it's that
same thing it's like when people look at
you when you're on television and go
like oh fuck him you know like what they
were saying like would people take shots
at you like fuck him he's on TV I'll
fucking take shots at him but then when
you're not anymore and then you have a
regular job then it's like they have an
extra desire to shit oh yeah those same
kind of power yes
now rose now they're doing better in
power yeah yeah down they're doing
better than you I got my own house if
you fucking lose around your apartment
ATM card I got everything yeah you ain't
got shit you used to be on TV hmm
that went away I bought a round of
drinks I had a guy shit on me once it
was work he was working at the corner
Ellis not really behind the counter at a
CVS and I couldn't figure out what he
was trying to do he's being rude to me
the CVS he's like he goes hey you're
that guy from that show I go yep he goes
what happened to that show huh I don't
know what Fear Factor I go we think
happened he was I don't know you tell me
what happened to that show I mean to me
I go it got canceled it's a yeah I might
bro you work in fucking CBS yeah relax
what are you doing this is Fear Factor
yeah I didn't go after I'm almost like
this is so ridiculous I was like this I
was he was lucky I was high
I was like this is so weird cuz he was
he was literally trying to insult me you
know not realizing that I had done
things since mmm-hmm okay but to him I'm
not on TV anymore so it must be a
fucking loser so he's trying to make me
feel bad what happened to that show
hmm what happened what happened I wish I
could tell you but it was like a weird
like yeah I didn't do anything to you
man
I just came here to buy gum or whatever
the fuck I'm buying yeah could I have my
mile-long receipt she's not I'm already
why are you being weird with me but he
was just a dick
yeah behind the counter dick yeah like
yeah yeah you used to be on TV nothing
anymore btcd behind the counter dick
people are weird with with people that
are successful you know that that
there's a thing where they don't look
that in general people don't look to
people that are doing well as
inspiration they look at them with envy
it's like a natural human instinct and
it's that attack and that's where we're
at now with like canceled culture and
stuff it's like oh we want to see
somebody stumble or fall because if we
do we can drag them down and then we'll
get you know and if we see that and if
we post it then we'll get all the likes
and the favorites and the retweets look
what I found look what I did look what I
discovered yeah fuck yeah fuck him yeah
but they don't realize all that's just
gonna come back around get them he's
gonna come back and bite him in the ass
I'll compete with a satyr it feels bad
it just feels bad even when you're doing
it you think you're gonna like if you
say mean shit to people that you don't
even know it can't feel good it seems
like it would feel good but it doesn't
feel good it's gonna come back around on
you yeah it's a weird way you know
giving people the access to things like
social media it's a weird way to
communicate and it's not natural and so
many people using abusive so many kids
using it oh my god and that's what's
terrifying all those people being mean
to you on your Instagram if you could
find out what the median age and who
these people are and what their life was
like you're probably like oh I'm gonna
feel bad yeah you're fucking 12 F we're
your parents and you're a 50 year old
loser and you know where are you parents
yeah yeah how'd your parents even know
you have an Internet account you little
fuck I mean
I've had I've had instances where you
know when we started the show on
snapchat cuz snapchat I guess used to be
like for new 12 year olds but like you
see it one time and then would go away
it would go away so you could be like
here's my deck and you're like oh and
then it goes away but it doesn't go away
just screenshot it well but there was
some times where was like you know I had
to like call and be like hey um no no I
had like a girl who would had a dildo
and was like using it on herself and you
call them and say don't know I had to
call I had to call like whoever was in
charge of the shows like hey like
because it was snapchat it just come out
and I didn't know what the hell I'm like
I'm not the demographic of snapchat but
I was just kind of I felt bad because it
was like clearly the girl didn't know
that was like how did she not know well
I don't know it was really she didn't
know that's how she drops a customer but
it was just it was just I mean it was
fucking disturbing was it oh he's going
hard in the paint
oh yeah but it was just like oh like
where's your parents wishes Oh 50 mm
where's your parents they're dead yeah
mantle with his beer bottle she was
young oh yeah a lot of people are bad
parents bro they do a terrible job do
you ever think you'd adopt kids no good
for ya
look at you like how quick you know Oh
some anything not even a cat right now
I'd have a man I'd have a cat maybe a
cat no kids for me though cuz you could
leave town for a weekend with a cat's
leave a lot of water and a lot of food
nine lives yeah they're just flexible
yeah they can store on that body fat you
know get a big fish so where are you
doing this this tour and where can
people find out about if they want to
come see you actually I'm doing a tour
with Jim Jefferies ha so I'm doing his
oblivious tour so check the dates I just
did a yeah we actually just came back
from Houston in New Orleans and he had
to go to that show oh really
it was one downtown it was like when
when Kobe died he
today day um yeah really bummed about
that it was just really weird we
actually took off in the plane and we
all got our CNN notifications and we all
just sat there like oh shit
like what yeah it was pretty brutal I
found out about it from Bert Bert we
have a group tax going on hmm Bert told
me it was pretty pretty early it was
like and I just remember him being like
oh man I got the fuck downtown it's
gonna be crazy and it's like yeah it was
yeah it was I'm doing that with him all
year and then uh yeah I got the show
coming out on E in March it's called the
funny dance show now that's the
dance-off thing yeah yeah yes
comics dancing off for $10,000 for
charity of their choice and I'm the
judge Loni love is on as a judge and
Allison Holker who is a dancers and they
picked the song that the practice are
they practicing they have to practice
for like a week oh Christ
and then so we got like yeah like Ron
Funches we've got punch is the most
positive comedian available is easy no
he's great he's like cultivating being
nice I know positive and really
appreciated his podcast that that he
does and it just felt like the warmest
hug I needed this at my soul that's what
he's like I know he's like yeah he's
such a nice guy
yeah we've kind of like cultivate yeah
we have fortune Brad Williams I mean
it's it's a cool like I love Brad
Williams too but I mean yeah had to say
I love fortune yeah she's great I don't
want to leave Brad out well I love Brad
I mean it's gonna be really really fun
and then uh yeah I mean you could find
me on instagram at Justin Martindale
beautiful easy
don't sign me up motherfucker yeah let's
do it you are you blocking people as
well oh I need to start though it should
be yeah I'll just mute him I know I'm
just talking to the void that is fine
just scream scream into the board
why are you ignoring there
see you in hell the best thing to say to
someone yeah all right buddy thank you
me thank you my brother pleasure
yes yeah this week no I'll be in Vegas
oh sure yeah you know gamble your life
for probably okay Justin Martindale comm
Justin Martin Dylan Twitter Instagram
just Mondale on Twitter just Martindale
just Justin Martindale on Instagram okay
yeah all right thanks buddy
that was fun you got it yay bye
everybody
[Applause]
[Music]